R1    I found this place while visiting Batuudi-keskus with my children. I asked the owner if he could prepare something for our dietary requirements and he was so helpful and prepared something that wasn't actually on the menu. He even brought the food out to the car where my children were waiting. They loved it and ate every bite! Thank you so much!   :)
R1    Ordered takeout from this place and the food proved to be the best kebab in Tartu! Definitely will order again.
R1    Very good food, super polite staff, also one of the places in Tartu with the best burgers very cheap and actually worth the price quit underrated
R1    Very delicious. Best kebab and fry potato in Tartu
R1    Really good kebab(and cheap), the small kebab box(5€)can easily fill a person up. Fries are perfect and tasteful kebab as cherry on top. Linna parim kebab
R1    The food is great. I suggest that everyone gets the 13th option - MagusTšilli Kana Wrap (sweet chilli wrap) it's good
R1    Good food, decent service, but i wouldnt eat there due to sometimes there being drunks around. Its open for quite late every day.
R1    I had twice a kebab box from Fusion Kebab - The  second time take away. Really nice experience with the owners and I enjoyed my food. Thanks!
R1    Fast and super tasty food. Nice staff. Friendly to families with kids- we received free kidspack with snacks ;)
R1    Fusion Kebab > KebabBox. Kebab karbis a.k.a. choice number 1 was superdelicious. Will go again.
R1    Very friendly service and great food - easily the best kebab place in Tartu!
R1    best kebab in town
R1    Really bad tasteless fries. Kebab and chicken are ok.
R1    Best pizza. Highly recommend the chicken kebab spicy pizza
R1    i loveeating kebaps cooked by nuclear fusion
R1    Big kebabbox is packed with meat of yout choice.
R1    Best kebab in town i tried all
R1    Very good kebab nice peopl.
R1    Too much salt in kebab meat.
R1    Best kebab place in Tartu
R2    Good food for a quick snack or if you are on the run. I got my food kind of fast, and if you like old fashioned places, this has a 80s or 90s vibe to it. Pretty good overall would eat there again.
R2    You can get barbeque meal there for 7€. Big 300 ml. coffee 1.20€. Wiener meal with fries, salad and sauces 3.5€
R2    If you want fast food with 90s vibe then that works pretty well
R2    Ok
R2    Simple street food but well done and cheap
R2    Good place for fast bite with not so good coffe.
R2    You get your food done really fast.
R2    Izz the best place to eat when ur drunk
R2    The food is okay, fast service.
R2    Head burgerid/good oldschool burgers
R2    You get all good things from there
R2    Decent prices and good food.
R2    Hea toit
R2    Always good.
R2    Ok 👌hädavajalik koht😊
R2    Good food
R2    Nice, fast
R2    Old style burgers.
R2    Super.
R2    One of the best!
R3    Hesburger like you would expect, so product level is the same almost everywhere in other Hesburgers - which is good. This particular cafe has usually very slow service (considering more than 5 visits) so be prepared to wait 30mins or more. Not so fast for a fast food restaurant.
R3    So far, i have liked everything i have ordered. I recommend using the cupons there are in Hesburger app. Veke soja burger is very good.
R3    Expect to pay way too much for what you get. Stop for food only as your last option, french fries never taste fresh and most of the burgers contain a weird combination of ingredients that are often tasteless. Workers seem depressed and overloaded, further disapproving the prices listed there.
R3    Hesburger is a Hesburger, it's quite good but if you're ordering it from Wolt or Bolt, then I'd suggest ordering from Eeden shopping mall's Hesburger instead. I don't really want to knock on workers in Anne Hesburger because they have an extremely hard job which pays quite little, but if you're using Bolt food or Wolt then the chance of your order being wrong is I'd say about 75%. Food itself is good and if you're at Anne Hesburger then the service is also quite good (unless you're in the drive-in).
R3    Decent hesburger, the toilets could be better, no soap and a bit dirty.
R3    Food is nice. Sometimes they got my order mixed but changed everything right. Staff could be more welcoming
R3    Please don't go there! 47 min and there was only 2 cars before us. Food was cold and burger was burned. Awful. Even that 1 star is too much.
R3    Poor service, poor quality of meals. A bit noisy place. Do not recommend this network of restaurants. Feel free to visit McDonald's or other place.
R3    Forgot to include half my order to go?? Slow and terrible service.
R3    absolutely goated
R3    Generally good fast food place, but me personally allways miss something in my order, so check what you receive..
R3    Very slow service for a fast food chain
R3    Too slow service. You have to wait 10 min to get one simple meal.
R3    Fast service, good quality :P
R3    Good value for money! Fries were crispy and halloumi burger was ok.
R3    One of my favorite fast food places! Good and fast service.
R3    Unfriendly ~ no toilet paper I'm accessible toilet. Coffee OK ~ Fries very forgettable. Would be reluctant to return.
R3    Kind of dirty. Would need some better care to eat inside.
R3    If you want faster service, go to MacDonalds. Food was ok eventually.
R3    Slow servies, they have forgotten 3 peoples fries and waiting time is over 30 minutes for only 2 people
R4    Basic stuff. Everything was "ok" but nothing that would make me eat here again.
R4    3,5 stars from uss. We where 6 people there. People's whos are working there are the best ! Speak good English, and are very nice. Big + for playground for kids. But food and prices all together go's 3-4* :)
R4    Amazing place for kids to play as there are kids play room with slides and ball pool. Very american style. Husband ordered ribs plate for 1-2 persons. It is deffinetaly for 1 person. I had duck wich was good. Kids had pasta, they ate it all.
R4    Don't go there. Food is very bad and low quality. Prices are also high.
R4    When I was working there it was so unhygienic because when food was spilled down the just put it back to the food table and made it look like it was the best dish ever . When I said the dish was cold they just but it to the microwave and throw it to my table.When I ordered 40 € dish and I tasted it I knew that it was old ( they used many days old chicken and food and the even didn’t gave me any discount…
R4    Nice american style restaurant. Big tasteful portions but little bit too pricy anyhow
R4    Ate at Ülemiste My wife ordered a dish from children's menu and after the waitress saw that an adult ordered it, she said that they can't give her that dish, because it is for children only and the price is too low for adults.  After eating waiter asked If we were finished, we said yes, and she disappeared for 15 minutes until I went to asi from another waiter If we can pay.
R4    Great place for a tasty meal.
R4    Per estonian standards food is decent. You will leave full and probably satisfied, but the prices are quite high. Still worth it in my opinion.
R4    Next to Ahha science center. Family friendly place!
R4    Have been (several places) in Tallinn and one in Pärnu and always enjoyed not only the good food but also the hospitality of staff . However the visit in Tartu was one big disappointment , two dishes ordered were not to be served due fact they "run out" of ordered meals - substitute was below standard Next to that very unfriendly staff!! I will not try again in this restaurant!
R4    Really good food and good customer service. Never had been disappointed in this place. Highly recommended
R4    We visited here and our first choice and drinks they didn't have. I chose a black tea and I got sandy water with a tea bag on the side
R4    We read in the comments that the service is slow and were told that we will have to wait 30 mins for food. It’s been 90 mins and counting. People who ordered after us already ate and left. How hard can it be to make 2 burgers? 🤦‍♂️  Edit: So basically, they lost our order from the start and new waitress forgot to check on us for more than an hour (and to check for order status), so take this review for what it’s worth, maybe usually it’s not so bad
R4    Meat quality is good and most of the dishes taste good, too. I think that their stronger side is grilled meat and burgers, bbq wasn't so good the time I tried it. Service is sometimes ok sometimes not. Definetely good place to go with children because they have nice play area.
R4    Great food. Highly recommended
R4    Perfect place with delicious food. Steak burger was really the best burger i have ever had. Thank u guys for dinner.  Greetings from Slovakia.
R4    Ordered the normal burger and some chicken wings straight home through tellitoit.ee. Was rubbish, the burger was spilling everywhere, the ketchup was too liquidy, probably the same Estonian ketchup available in every household. The wings were covered with a sugar coated BBQ sauce - horrible. Tiny bit of meat on the wings and almost impossible to reach without getting your face and hands soaked in the weird BBQ sauce. Would not recommend unless you want to get messed up and have lots of money (the prices were horrible also).
R4    The staff speaks English poorly and does not know Russian at all. We have been waiting for the order for a long time. The price does not match the quality of service.
R4    The food is good but the waiting time can get really long. It is a very nice place to visit with kids as they have a huge play area.
R5    My first time coming here, good food and service, not the best customers.  While finishing my food a lady deemed fit to start placing her bags on my seat and ask "are you leaving soon, I want to sit here"(there were plenty of free tables besides mine and she had no reservations)  My food was finished and I wished to order a wine to drink after, but had been waiting for a waiter to arrive.  I just wish to be honest and say that unless there is a worker who takes it upon themselves to lead arriving customers to a free table, self-entitled people such as that lady will scare off any potential long term favorability to this establishment.
R5    I haven’t seen the service worse than in here. The waitresses flaunting around without paying attention to the customers. I did not manage to try food, because after 20 min of waiting none of them came up to take my order, although cafeteria was not really full of customers.
R5    Not very impressed with Da Vinci this time. Ive been visiting this restaurant before and quality was better. Nothing wrong with the food but just not on the usual level. Staff was friendly and helpful
R5    My family and I tried to have a lunch at this place. We have been ignored by staff. No “hell”, no “take your seat”. Just nothing. By the way, there were 3 waiters. I took a menu, again nothing. We took a seat and were waiting. No one bothered. I figured out that in better case we would be served a long time and went out. Fortunately, opposite is Olaf with attentive waitress and super delicious food
R5    I went there with my wife for aniversary lunch. The waiter was very nice and the food was exxelent. It was a bit expensive, but not too much.
R5    ordered two pastas - one with pesto and sun-dried tomatoes and gluten free macaroni, and another one with chicken, paprika and creamy sauce. the pasta with pesto was good, well-cooked and flavourful. the chicken pasta was alright, good in flavour, however, a little boring and ordinary, lacked something special. the ciabatta on the side was very delicious.
R5    High quality Italian food: pizzas, pastas, soups-salads, wide selection of coffee, tea and also some ice creams. I mostly like pizzas here but definetely warm bruchettas with goat cheese is best ones I have found in Tartu. Coffee is good and quite strong and more expensive than most of the other places in Tartu. Service has been always great - friendly, professional and positive - good job! Often overcrowded because of good location in Tasku where you can find also Cinema and many shops. My favourite eating place in Tasku.
R5    Quick breakfast with a cup of coffee for 1€ between 10-12 and in the afternoon. Panini was huge, difficult to eat, but delicious. Perhaps a bit too salty.
R5    1 € Illy coffee off the peak hours - cappuccino with coconut milk is my absolut favourite!
R5    OK weekdays coffee offer 1EURO about lunchtime,  friendly personnel  tasty menu 😋
R5    Tasty food and good location. I only wish they would put all the ingredients on the menu. The wrap came with cheese that wasn’t mentioned anywhere on the menu, had to pick it out.
R5    The coffee wasn’t very good, and background music was terrible.
R5    Atmosphere and place is great, BUT... 1) waitresses indifferent...... 2) food..... For the price you charge? 1) pasta with oesto and sun dried tomatoes was great....kudos 2) pasta carbonara, i am sorry, not even close.... 3) risotto with chicken and mushrooms....i am sorry this is disgrace.. Either take it off menu or kick out your chef.... wort rusotto i ever tried.... Prices..would be great if food would correspond, unfortunately these aren't. Milk shake for the price you charge and the way it is served max . 3 eur....  Will I come back...? definitely NO, it is not worth the money and especially no gastronomical value. Only thing I can praise is butter quality given with bread...so smooth...  Hope it helps anyone who visits the place... Owners ..take a note!
R5    The pizza was very tasty and the staff were incredibly friendly. My partner and I ordered the pizza for two, which was perfect for the two of us. Highly recommended!
R5    The service is so warm and friendly!  Food is amazing! Coffee really good! Has some vegan options too ♡ Loved ot!
R5    Nice location, restaurant with a view and high ceiling. Excellent breakfast and lunch
R5    I know that the place is called pizza and pasta’s place but they also served burgers with fries. That’s what I ordered. I’m not a fan on cooking but I think that even I can cook a better burger. The taste of burger were almost okay but main ingredients such as bread and meat were really bad. Fries were also really dry and didn’t taste as quality potato should. But in overall it was a fine place.
R5    Great soup and good choice of foods. Pasta food also decent. Service polite and professional.
R5    Incredibly uninterested personnel. Why work at a café if you are not interested in the customers? Otherwise nice location and ambience
R5    The food is great and the service is great. Really close to the center. The prices are higher than the Tartu average, but it's worth it for the quality pizzas and people. Pretty authentic Italian experience, recommend it to everyone. It's quite popular so I recommend to book in advance.
R6    Prett awful experience. The service is absolutely atrocious. 1 staffmember for the whole place. Wheb we sat down we were one if the only people here, it took 15 minutes to get our orders out and then i took forever to get the a pancake and a pizza to our table. The staff is slow and doesn't seem to care at all about customer experience. Food wasnt anything good either, burnt pizza and just a horrible experience.
R6    Horrible food, the waiter forgot the order three times and seems to be teasing you, And very expensive. I also found a hair in the plate and the place is dirty. 🤢  7€ for the pizza in the pic…. The size is for baby not for adult Trust me I’m from Italy I know how to make real pizza.  If you are considering it, don’t come. 🚫
R6    Really really delicious Estonian food and a very good price. Juice for one euro and this plate for 7,77€ Cozy feeling
R6    Overpriced, bad produce, undercooked. I had a pizza which was small and thin, they call it a large pizza. It's incredible how you manage to undercook such a thin pizza.  But I did finish it
R6    We ordered three mains, all terrible. Worst dish I have ever ordered in a restaurant. Extremely small portions of protein, filled plates with fried/potatoes.
R6    We were waiting for the waiter for 15 minutes and no-one came to serve us. When we got inside to look for the waitress, she was sitting and drinking coffee(?) she wasn't happy that she had to get up. Later, when we finally got our food, the waiter forgot to give us our forks and knives. He said that he was busy while he was also sitting and doing nothing at that time. Food was ok. I do not recommend because it ruined our holiday mood.
R6    Depressing service and mediocre food. Waited 30 minutes for our drinks, the waitress forgot items from the order and the pizza arrived cold. The place was not packed, only one-two tables  besides us.  Get more staff or close the thing down. Shameful. Not the first experience like this in here, but will be our last.
R6    Based on one visit - rather slow service despite only other table being occupied. Two pancakes took about 20 minutes to arrive. Menu is a bit confusing as you have to look at two different menus to get the full range of what they are serving. Pancakes were actually pretty good with a nice crust on the edge, but if you're hungry then you probably need about 3 of them to fill up. And if you see bacon in the menu then forget about the nice crispy stuff - it's basically ham. Wouldn't be my first choice to visit again.
R6    I felt bad to write down the following, but I feel that should let people know about my experience. Since I'm vegan, I ordered only vegan dishes. It's good they have at least one vegan option in each meal category, but the dishes itself were,  lightly said, disappointing. I acknowledge they have any vegan options at all, but I wish they'd make some research on nutritional facts. A salad made of few Iceberg lettuce junks, 3 raw cherry tomatoes, stripes of cucumber skin and red bell pepper and few a bit dried out canned kidney beans is not something vegans, or anyone, would gladly eat (especially for their price). As for the pizza, it had a super thin burned crust, and all I could taste was just super salty cheese. OK, the taste of food can be argued, but the service was beyond any place I've ever been - it was so obvious one waitress to serve, take the orders, clean up, (literally) run across street to a cafeteria for few plastic straws, make the drinks etc, is not good. These were simply my experiences at my birthday, but would not visit the place any time soon.
R6    Comfortable, but we do not recommend the food at all, especially given the price we paid. One of the pub dishes consisted of mainly potatoes and one champignon, a little bit of canned beans une cheese - lacking salt and no spices. Pizza was ok, but undercooked and very few toppings.
R6    Tasty food, good service
R6    Didn't enjoy this place unfortunately. The food quality was not great. I ordered one of the traditional Estonian dishes and it tasted like they had prepped it couple of days ago and microwaved it for me. The hygiene didn't seem the best either. Won't be returning.
R6    The worst is not the food, even though the food is not good either. "Pizza" is something like oven baked pie (ish) and service is very unfriendly. Glass of water 1,30 €. Never left a restaurant this upset. Would not recommend to anyone.
R6    Cheapish food thats not at all to my liking. The pizzas are a bit like cakes with pizza toppings because of their sweet dough. Most of the menu is barely OK and the service and interior are nothing to write home about.
R6    Tast soljanka soup. Nice cake. The pancake (with minced meat, onion and cheese) could have been baked a little longer, but was also nice. We asked the only available waitress if it could be served in half an hour and that was possible.
R6    It's a very cozy place filled with hints of Estonian culture. The dishes are named after Estonian mythology, at least half of them are traditional Estonian dishes. Ruuni has a great atmosphere and service.
R6    I just ordered a pizza to go and was so looking forward to it. But I really have never eaten such a disgusting one in my life, wow. Sorry for that! But 9 EUR for nothingggg
R6    The pancake : is ok but small portions. Coffee is not OK.
R6    Nice place, deli pizza, good atmosphere
R6    This is on of a few places in Tartu, that has a extra vegan menu. As a pizza place, the benefits are that you can make your own pizza by choosing the toppings plus it has a small bio market on the side, that also has a vegan corner.
R7    The service is smart because you can order online and the atmosphere is good but the pizza was a little dry and not the best.
R7    Nice place. Sometimes waiting time for pizza is so long that friends who have ordered something else can't eat all together,  because their food will get cold until pizza will be ready. Pizza was really nice, pasta little bit too dry, but still good, salad also nice.
R7    Perfect place for good food 35€ Pizza, Caesar salad, water, gin cocktail.b
R7    Really wonderfull self service type of place where you order from the machines... great pizzas and fresh basil plants on all tables with olive oil and sweet chillie oils to hand. One of a kind in this beautiful city of Tartu. Always a delightful atmosphear... you will lüv it if you like Pizza!!
R7    As you might've guessed, "not pizza". A crepe with sausage, more like. I personally really expected more but once again not a surprise. I would be thrilled and amazed if they started making something remotely similar to a real neapolitan pizza. That overpriced lavash-n-sausage is not exactly a morale boost .
R7    Expensive bistro with very bad service. Don't great the costumers, and forget the orders. Don't accept cash, only cards. Bartender can't talk with customers. Very rude.
R7    Vapiano’s new vegan pastas are tasty! Fake chicken pasta delivers on the flavour and the fresh pasta has great texture. Highly recommended!  New ordering system with two machines is too slow, should add two more so customers don’t need to queue for so long!
R7    1. The prices are high. 2. The photos in the menu do not match the actual dishes. 3. There is a charge of 1 euro for a plastic container if you want to take your food to go, or they’ll give you a cardboard one, which gets soggy. 4. The notification that your food is ready comes late. I asked to reheat my soup, and they did it with visible reluctance. 5. Self-service for quite a lot of money: you order by yourself, get your own cutlery, and pick up your food yourself. The restaurant has turned into a fast food place, but with high prices.  ---  This review should help others decide whether to visit the establishment.
R7    Nothing much to say, it's nice that you can order via QR code, SUPER customizable, maybe a bit confusing for elders, but i like the customizability. The food was good too, and pretty fast
R7    All good, delicious But one should explain this restaurant that 😅 this glass is almost small finger size. Please, change them if possible or give other option!!
R7    Many different ways available to order - 1. pick a seat, scan QR code and order 2. order through app for pickup 3. order at the screens at the entrance 4. old fashioned way. LOVE IT! Food tastes great and you can get a discount with Apollo Club.
R7    Good and tasty food. We have a "hard2 time to chose what to eat, because all looks good. We have a great service and very friendly staff.
R7    I have dined there a few times, the first time I ordered pasta carbonara with max spices and garlic, it was amazing. But the last few times when I have ordered it there are no spices and the pasta is a bit oily. Otherwise it's a good place where to eat and the place looks nice. You will get  full from the pasta and their pomegranate juice is very good and organic.
R7    Twice I've gotten not fully cooked pasta(two separate cases),  first time sauce tasted bad, second time it was spicy (I've ordered not spicy). Also, a takeout pizza was super-dry with really thin dough.
R7    Great place where to eat. Workers are so polite. Great attitude. You can have vegan dish as well. We had a little problem that was resolved really fast. My girlfriend ordered vegan pasta. When she ate she thought that isn’t Egan cheese. I went and ask if they have vegan cheese. My girlfriend was tired and sometimes it is hard to understand what she says when she is tired. She thought that the worker didn’t hear when she said vegan pasta. Worker assured that it is vegan cheese in her pasta. So that means they have here really good vegan cheese. Definitely recommend this lovely restaurant. Will come back. Also they have a lovely terrace.
R7    My pizza was just terrible, my friends pastas were better but still pretty average. No wine on the menu (only cider and beer), self-service with a too complicated system. Never coming here again
R7    Good Italian food. Awesome that you can request food through a self service panel with English language as an option. You get an SMS notifying you that the food is ready. Ate a Spinach and Shrimp risotto from the lunch menu (8.90 euros). There's complimentary bread and garlic available.
R7    Tried the pasta carbonara and lasagne bolognese and they were so good!!! You can choose from many pasta noodles and add extras for your pasta dish.
R7    Cool idea of serving. Can’t say that it has original Italian food, but everything was really tasty. Suitable for vegetarians. Prices are average. The interior is modern and cozy.  About serving: when you come in you get a plastic card. Then you may sit and look through the menu. Then you order your food in the definite window depending on a kind of a dish (pizza or pasta etc.). Your plastic card is an account which summaries all your oders. So, when you finish you go to a till/kassa and pay for your orders which were on your card.
R7    As always Vapiano has tasty meals. This is vegan pizza. Very light very healthy. And ofcourse despite the lightness decent taste.
R8    Had 1 chicken a 2 beef burgers. The chicken one was the worst I have ever had but the cheese and bbq were quite good.
R8    Not a bad place but limited vegetarian options as far as I saw, stuck with fries and basic salad.
R8    Very central location and good for quick bites if there is no queue (I had a quick service). Kebabiburger taste good don’t expect something extraordinary from fast-food burger places. Had chance to see this chain all over the Baltic and wanted to give a try, all good!
R8    Lovely staff member. But the food tasted exactly like McDonald's. Nice location by the river.
R8    Nice staff. Quite fluent in english, really helped me order fast and understand the menu. Gotta love their cheeseburguer (juustuburguer) is 10 times better than McD ones. Only regret is we don't have Hesburguer at my country!!
R8    Better than KFC, at par with McDonald's and kinda worse than Burger King. Note that Estonian fast foods generally aren't good. You will also wait somewhat more than in other places, so not really "fast". Nicely located though.
R8    It was a mistake coming here at 2am. Waited for an hour for our order of 3 cheeseburgers. Get a grip.
R8    Small but cozy place. Perfect to sit and eat in. 3 Pokestops nearby.
R8    I waited a long time for my meal.  When I finally got my order, a woman came in while I was eating and screamed that she wanted to see my vaccination certificate.  I was holding a half-eaten burger in one hand and the other I had to look for a phone to show her this certificate.  Why did no one ask for it right away when placing the order?  And I indicated that I want to eat a meal on the spot.  I do not recommend this place to anyone !!!
R8    Situated in a very convenient place. Burgers are quite mid and feels dry. Fries are not salted enough and after the food me and my friend got some bad stomach feels from our meal. Quite an OK. Place if you want to hate yourself afterwards.
R8    It took 35 minutes on 6 items in an empty restaurant and the buns were literally so old that they were rock- solid.
R8    Ordered a burger via app, and arrived 25 minutes after it was ready, when burger was considered expired and not safe to eat. I’m sorry but these burgers don’t rot or get fungy even in 10 years 😃
R8    I good Hesburger place, although the service could be faster at times. Although the service speaks both Russian and English, they sometimes turn back to Estonian, even when you don't speak that language. It tends to be full late at night during the weekend, when people go back home from clubs
R8    Really great burgers, cheap as well. The fries are better than McDonald's. Would recommend to install the Hesburger app to get discounts using coupons, which renew every month.
R8    Fast service, air-conditioning. For vegetarians there's a halloumi burger, which tastes great. Usually not too crowded. You can eat on both floors. Ask the staff for the bathroom coin. French fries taste better than those of McDonald's. The music's a bit too loud, but you can ask them to turn it down a notch.
R8    In the evenings, one person works, and people are full. Should work at least 2 people, not one who takes orders and still goes to cook food. Waiting for ordinary Hamburger 15 min-20 min
R8    Very pleasant evening in historical Tartu
R8    I got everything I wanted, but it took way too much time. There were not a lot of people, but the order still took too much time. I also did not the atmosphere and restaurant from the inside.
R8    they show waiting time 25 but it was all ready 35 minutes i was so hungry if you are hungry its batter to stay away from this place
R8    Yeah a great place to get something to bite during the nigt love u bye😇😇
R9    Well... That was not a good visit... Warm shaken beer. Chewy burger stake. Quite a long wait. Somewhat messed up orders. Was not a good day for the restaurant. And not for us. Pity. There was a decent enough kids area tho!
R9    I had the vegan lunch, which was lasagne with a bit of side salad. Simple and very tasty! 6€
R9    I could call that: the perfect diner. Well accommodated with smiles and simplicity, we ordered and then were served in less than 20mn. Menu for kids that they enjoyed, area for them to wait for the diner, peaceful time for parents. Menu is delicious and diverse. Staff is helpful and efficient. Love it
R9    Delicious vegan food and great atmosphere. Great date spot that offers many vegan options and mocktails too. Had the vegan sample platter, mushroom risotto and churros, best meal we had in Tartu! Highly recommend!
R9    Exelent, fast, tasty, and vegan! What more can you ask for?
R9    The quality has reduced so much, or maybe the pulled duck burger is the only tasty food on the menu. The warm salad has beef which tastes like paper, so overcooked. Also other food we tried didn’t give any feeling we would like to go back there.
R9    Two foods that i wanted were both sold out, that was not very nice but the waiter was very kind and nice and they even agreed to swap polenta with cauliflower cream in my portobello (i don't like polenta) which was lovely.  The food was okay but very oily and heavy so i don't recommend if you're hoping for a light healthy meal.
R9    Cozy vegan restaurant. The side vegetable wok with the salmon steak was bit bland, not cooked enough and too oily. The salmon steak and the sauce were delicious.
R9    Good cafe to stay and eat. It has children's space. The staff  served dishes soon so we could be in time for the train. This cafe has many menu for vegans.
R9    Really good experience. Very delicious and big meals, large iced coffee and friendly staff. Also good prices. Recommend!
R9    Amazing! Cauliflower soup is for recommendation. Ice Cold Cheescake was suprise :)
R9    The duck burger was delicious! Sweet potato fries were on point as well. Would recommend this place for anyone.
R9    The food was good but they forgot about my order and it took super long. Also the worst thing is there are MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS in the kids corner
R9    My friend ordered a red wine. It was cold and she said something about it. Red wine was in a cooling next to the white wine. They said that this is the way they do it. Advice to the young ladies: never put a red wine in a cooler. It should be at roomtemperature. Update: one of the young ladies came back. She ask the manager about the temperature. Outside it’s 25 degrees, but the cooler was set to 10-12 degrees.  Still: the best red wine you can restore in a dark cool room.
R9    The food is delicious although the menu is a bit alternative hipster. Staff is very friendly. Drinks a bit overpriced. Nice seating area in the back outside.
R9    Place isn't bad, but the staff was impolite. Moreover, they have changed menu and haven't written new ingredients in old meals. A friend of mine is vegan and allergic to onions and she used to order spicy soup with coconut milk (that didn't contain onion before). Today it turned out that there is a lot of onion in this soup (that wasn't mentioned in the menu) and the staff refused to change the soup or provide her with other options. The only opportunity for her was to spend more money to buy something instead and throw away this soup.
R9    Food was good but we were waiting about 1.5 hour for the food (group of 4) while the restaurant was half empty, it took more than 30 minutes to receive drinks. By the way I dont understand why we received soup together with the main course.
R9    I usually spent time between classes here, doing my Estonian homework. It's a lovely restaurant with a great vegan menu. Also, there are so many nice little shops and cafés nearby, it's really worth a visit! :)
R9    Rather poor food
R9    Their beyond meat burger is one of the best burgers in Tartu.
R10    I had a lovely dinner with my friends at Aparaat. First time coming here and I found a hidden gem. Very nice atmosphere done with great furniture, lightning and decoration, very thoughtful. The service was also great, Helina made sure we have everything we needed. Totally recommend it if you happen to be in Tartu, don’t miss out.
R10    Went there for dinner. We really wanted to sit outside but the weather wasn’t appropriate, I guess. However, I was pleasantly surprised that the waitress actually tried to talk to the manager to let us sit outside, that made us feel really welcomed and listened to. Nonetheless, we were happy that we stayed inside since the weather really was horrible. The service was overall great, kind waitress and nothing to complain about. What surprised me the most was the cost of the food in this restaurant. It was absolutely amazing! We got appetisers and main courses for two and the total wasn’t even 30€, AND the food was super delicious. For appetisers we had sweet potato fries which were one of the best we have ever had, so crunchy, so yummy, sauce was also epic; in addition we had the blue mussels which also did not disappoint, we got the smaller portion and there was too much for us to finish, so delicious anyway. For main courses we got the (pork)burger, also yummy, could have been more fries on the side but for us it was ok, didn’t really enjoy the sriarcha sauce though; and I had the burrata pasta as well - perfection!! Overall we really enjoyed our dining experience there, and the prices were a cherry on top! We recommend!!!
R10    A well rounded burger with handmade cutlet. No souce, so if you want any you need to order extra. Bun was not fried, but despite that it was a positive experience - nothing special, but a safe recommendation.
R10    This was excellent place and atmosphere for dinner. Welcoming service - kind and caring, we even got addres where to buy more of our favourite herbal tea. Food very good and fullfilling. Thank you 🙏🏻😊
R10    I loved this restaurant. Compared to Kolm Tilli next door a bit more expensive but it's worth every penny.  The waitress was really kind and did help us with our choices and explained all about the wine. She really did make our evening special.  We got a snack plate for two as a starter and then I got Duck fillet with cherry and red wine sauce - 10/10.
R10    Great atmo. Fine service. Food - so meh! (Mediocre)
R10    Ordered chicken breast, it was very well-cooked and tasty. Vegetables in it were fresh too. In general, good atmosphere and service there! Though be mindful, main entrance has been closed, you need to enter the restaurant from left side door.
R10    Appetizers were perfect. Tomato soup was awesome, hummus really tasty and even the weird apple-pear bruschetta was good. Mains were not that impressive but good nonetheless. Ribeye was bit too small so avoid that. The blue cheese dessert cake wass a really big portion so beware.
R10    We used to come here as students for the daily special. As a meat eater, I would always get the vegetarian option, because it was a lot more exciting. Once their daily veg plate was essentially roasted onion and I loved it both for the audacity and the complexity of flavour.  Came here last night after several years and the place is still good! The prices are incredible given the location. My cod main was really well balanced flavour wise, though lacking in technique with the cod being slightly overcooked and not properly deboned.  Funnily enough my kids refused to eat the meatball pasta, save for the meatballs. Later I realized why: pasta was completely unflavoured. Kids can handle a bit of salt, guys :)  Still a good night, and I will definitely be coming back.
R10    This place is quite popular in Tartu, but I hadn't been there before. Yes - it's definitely worth the hype! Everything was so delicious, the menu had great options, service was excellent. My personal favourite was blue cheese cake, but appetizers and mains (butterfish for example) were good as well. Great for big groups also.
R10    Really good and polite service! Pretty good food as well and affordable for a fancy place. Had pasta w crunchy chicken and then frozen blue cheesecake :)
R10    The burger was a bit too oily and kept falling apart, but the flavour was very nice! And the duck was very flavourful, cooked very nicely.
R10    Sensational calamari and cheesecake, both recommended by the waitress. Duck could have done with a tad more seasoning, but otherwise tender with a great sauce and potatoes
R10    Amazing! The quality of dishes, the cost and comfortability. You can not experience this restaurant in Tallinn. I highly recommend you to come here when you visit Tartu. Most people make reservations, actually there were reservation card on tables in spite of off season!
R10    One of the best restaurants in Tartu. Love their pulled pork burger and their lemonades. Will go back! Very good prices.
R10    The place is quite great.  The mussels were quite good, i would prefer less fatty/creamy sauce - however quite good. :)  The tenderloin was a bit undercooked to my taste: it was supposed to be medium by default, however the center of it was rare.  We tried 3 desserts. I was graving for the fondant - however it seemed they whisked it too heavy so it was a bit too airi and too little chewy and flowy.  The chewyness and ceeamyness was covered by the chocolate creme brule - we ranked it as the best!  The blue cheese cheesecake rook the 2nd place. Really full and creamy. Really good. Not too strong blue cheese flavour - could be even more. :)
R10    Waitress had very good English. The food was so good and place looked amazing. And the prices were low and affordable.
R10    The pasta was very tasty. The fries were a little too greasy and soft. The beef burger was nothing very special and the level of doneness was not asked. The service is very fast and friendly.
R10    Great place, friendly staff and speak English very well. Prices are very affordable and food is really good. Cheesecake was our favourite, even though we are not big fans of puddings. Kind of cool place, child friendly too. They have sand pit and puddles outside, you will see what I mean... Definitely coolest place in Tartu!
R10    Super cool place! I had the tofu-couscous-cutlets with a local craft beer. Both were delicious! Service was also very nice, and the place has a relaxed and a trendy feel to it! Definitely recommend to check this place if you want to get away from the old town and the tourists for a while!
R11    I remember when this place was a burger in wall takeaway, now it's grown a lot, but one can still get cheap burger there. I visit the place for their crispy chicken wrap from time to time.
R11    Amazing huge juicy burgers, and other foods. Best burger joint in Tartu!
R11    .....this particular Fasters in Tartu, is very popular, always seems to have clients, but not always happy ones....unfortunately it's very hit & miss with their service, Fasters not always so fasters, we and others have waited 30mins for very simple order just chicken nuggets for two people, that's too long, particularly if you're going to call your establishment "Fasters", then you really better deliver good Fast Food Fast....and the burgers etc are so, so,..... not a favourite burger joint by any means....prefer Hesburger ~~~~~~~ :  )
R11    Chicken.cutlet was shook flavor wise was so.yummy tinder and.crispy. We come back again.
R11    Excellent fast food, vegan options also available
R11    Faster's: Eat fast, don't think about it™
R11    Good place for fast food and also pick what you like offers for dinner outside of pandemic. Tastes are better than other quick bite places in Tartu for sure.
R11    Good shaslik,Very slow serving as hell, dont know it is because wolt/bolt, summer or new workers or Ukrainian war. Sad
R11    Totally slow, had to wait for some burger 15 minutes... Please provide waiting time for people waiting inside,  when only serving out bolt and wolt orders!
R11    Cheap burgers, will get you really full, without any special taste and benefit of regretting your life decisions later. Also raised their prices alot.
R11    Ok ! Had a small sandwich !! Good service and open wifi from telia and C.K. All outside under the unbrella  of Fasters garden patio.  😎
R11    If you want šašlõkk, this is a go to place, but the wait time is inconvinencing
R11    Staff doesn’t speak english. But shashlik here taste great!
R11    Very bad vegan burgers. It was served cold and was not tasty at all. For that price it is unacceptable.
R11    The store bought 'burger' between their dry buns was COLD. Their food isn't worth their low prices
R11    Big selection of buffee and fast food selection, but buffee food is layed out and might not be warm anymore.
R11    Śaślok rull was cold. Employee was unpleasant.
R11    Served my allergic friend nuts despite being specifically told not to include nuts.
R11    Excellent breakfast options and tasty coffe.
R11    Big french fries are same as medium but they cost more.
R12    Väga meeldiv tütarlaps võttis tellimuse. Meeldivalt puhas ja hubane ruum söömiseks või ootamiseks. Mulle tutvustati Coca cola kampaaniat millest ma kuulnutki polnud ja sain liitri Cocat pealekauba. Väga lahe 😎
R12    Üllatavalt head vegan pitsad (kuigi võtsin lisandiks küüslaugu juurde). Vanasti polnud Operas kaugeltki nii head. Kodu lähedal ka, kus muidu söögikohti pole, ammugi veganvariante, nii et väga lahe! Väike koht, aga sisustus kena ja puhas, väga mõnus istuda!
R12    Maitsev, kiire, hea 😊
R12    Hea koht kiireks söömiseks
R12    Opera pizza on muidu alati hea pitsa koht olnud, aga seekord tellisin maxi suuruses pitsa ja toppinguid oli seal keskmise pitsa koguses. Ei soovita maxi pitsat aardla operast.
R12    Hea toit ja kiire teenindus.
R12    Väga he asukoht ja pitzad
R12    Mega maitsvad pizzad 😋
R12    Õhukesed keskpärased pizzad
R12    Hea peperoni pitsa
R13    Food is very delicious and the portions are good. You can't beat these prices. Free water, bread. Great service. Even when you go during lunch, despite there being a lot of people, the queue/people move fast.  Will come again.
R13    Best place to have lunch in Tartu. The dishes are balanced and taste/look like well home made food. Cakes are amazing. Food is made with love, arrives quick, big portions and prices are good.
R13    The lunch offer is simple but tasty. Delicious cakes.
R13    Nice food
R13    One of the best places to have a fast lunch in Tartu. Good food for good price. Portions are big.
R13    Tener comida casera y de calidad al precio que hay aquí es casi imposible. Yo comí sopa y un rollo de salami por 6€ (pan, mantequilla y agua son gratis). Perfecto para luego patearte la ciudad.
R13    Böfstrooganovisse on lisatud nii palju seeni ja olematu liha kogus. Praes oli reaalselt kolm lihariba😠 On ka varem olnud pretensiooni toitudega, aga pole reageerinud, lootes, et saavad ise aru, nüüd hakkab küll juba üle viskama. Toidu kvaliteet langeb alla igasuguse arvestuse.
R13    Einfache, aber leckere Hausmannskost mit reichlich Gemüse; Kaffee und liebevoll zubereitete Torten. Hell, freundlich, ruhig, in fußläufiger Distanz vom touristisch geprägten Zentrum.
R13    Ein Geheimtipp und must have  Mittagstisch Ab 11 Uhr Alles frisch und sehr sehr lecker zu einem guten Preis. Drei Gerichte zur Auswahl zwischen 5,50 und 7 Euro.
R13    8/24 13:00頃来店。  タルトゥ駅から5分以内の距離にあるカフェ。お昼はランチもやっているか今回はケーキを食べた。 ピスタチオとチョコレートケーキ3.5€→3€とカフェラテ2.5€とリーズナブル。  こじんまりしたお店だけど、ケーキはフルーツが上にたっぷり乗ってて、とても美味しかった。 座席は4人席のテーブルが6個くらいあったかな？ランチの時間帯なので割と混んでいたが、ベビーカーと一緒に座れた。  ただ、店にクーラーがないので暑い日に中心街から歩いていった為ので、汗が止まらなく暑すぎた…。  店員さんは挨拶や注文しても、うんともすんとも言わず…外国人が珍しかったんだろうか…（珍しくもないけど）レジと料理提供を一緒にやってて疲れてたんだろうか。  今度はランチを食べに暑くない日に行きたい。
R13    Kahjuks polnud kohvik avatud, kuigi googeldades oleks pidanud olema. Ilmselt läks meelest parandada andmeid.
R13    Olin positiivselt üllatunud, et Tartus selline kohvik. Esmamulje põhjal ei oska midagi erilist oodata, aga toit on hea, ilus ja mõistliku hinnaga. Selles kohvikus on kodune tunne.
R13    Väga meeldiv teenindus, viisakad töötajad, puhas koht. Sooja sööki saab küll alates kell 11, kuid head saiakesed ja soe jook on kohe pärast avamist juba olemas :)
R13    Kodune toit, hea hind
R13    Super hea toit ja  maitsev.Hoole ja armastusega tehtud toit.Teenindus on viks, viisakas ja kiire.Sisustus on omapärane.
R13    Portsjon oli väga suur ja nägi väga isuäratav välja
R13    Parim kodune toit Tartus ja igat senti väärt. Kiidan tegijaid!
R13    Väga maitsev söök ja hinnad on mõnusad.
R13    Hea koht kust saab osta hea ja odavam hinnaga kohvi,teed,saiakesi, praadi ,suppe,magustoidu.
R13    Maitsvad toidud, suured portsud, mõistlikud hinnad. Muud polegi tarvis öelda. :)
R14    The food is cheap and tasty, they have good options for indochinese dishes.
R14    Amazing food, forgot to take photo of them! I ordered Kung Pao chicken and Indonesian fried rice with vegetables. Prices are reasonable too. Totally recommended.
R14    Really appreciate 🙏 the valentines night meal 😋 ❤️ the food was amazing 👏 🤩 😋 and the wine 🍷....xxx
R14    Excellent quality, nice interior. One of the two places that serves real and really spicy food if that's what you're after.
R14    Terrible food i order spicy noodles and got sweet instead and soup was disgusting very bad experience never recommend
R14    Decent good especially the fried rice and masamam curry
R14    Service is fast but more expensive than similar places in Tartu. Chicken masala is really good.  Don't recommend Chinese garlic bread. Hope they can offer indian nuns
R14    Nice place, friendly staff, great noodles!
R14    Yellow Chilli Tartu serves absolutely fabulous Asian food! At my first visit there tried steamed Japanese gyoza dumplings, which were best I have had in Estonia. The gyozas are large, and fully hand made by the Yellow Chilli chefs on site, so the quality and taste is just perfect! For main course I have ordered chicken masala ****, which was equally excellent! As the restaurant is relatively new and a bit out of the centre, then there are not that many people, which makes the waiting time short. Reasonably priced as well. Gyozas €7,50 and masala €9,50, if I remember it right. Exterior and interior are fresh and beautiful. Free street parking. Overall experience 10/10. Strong recommendation!
R14    The food is great and not that expensive (10 euros per person) but the experience is bad because the place has playing radio and it has ads and local music not indian or chinese music. The refrigerator is loud. If you want a calm and quiet experience then you shouldnt come here but if you come here for the taste of food then its a fine experience. Why did i rate 3 stars because the experience was sort of ruined for me.
R14    Actual spicy food :) Tom Kha was amazing, as was the chicken in dry chilli sauce (asked for both to be extra spicy). The portions are huge for the price, I will definitely be ordering again.
R14    Excellent value for money, very few customers dining in, most orders as takeaway.
R14    The prices for the food are not excessively high. The meal itself is delicious, and the atmosphere is wonderful. This restaurant comes highly recommended from me.
R14    Really good meal and timely. I liked the fact that they close later than most restaurants in Tartu.
R14    Nice place. The food was good Service was good. Comfortable seating and its owner is the same guy that owns red Chilli. I Approve 😎
R14    Very nice. Food was really good and had a reasonable price. Service was also 10/10
R14    Used to be a better place, quality has gone down.
R14    So cool place, I loved it a lot, good dishes, not pricey.
R14    Fast serving and if you want to eat really spicy good this is the place where to go.
R14    Best Kung Pao for a long time.
R15    Junk food that tastes soo good, yummy 😋
R15    Positively surprised by food's quality. Sweet potato fries tasted very good, very crispy and not too salty. Also tried Mother Trucker Burger too get complete sweet potato experience. Not exactly what I was expecting, but really unique taste experience. Fortunately I managed to get one of the last available seat inside.
R15    The new vegan shrimps are great, taste and texture like the real thing! The soups are full of flavour, but the soup should be more smooth without large vegetable chunks.  Also the service is slow, but the waiting time is worth it.
R15    We ordered two Caesar salads, there was coffee, tea, cakes and you know, we ate until we were full. Everything is clean, fresh and TASTY! Thank you from Latvia!
R15    Enjoyed it a lot! The portion of fries is sooo big, so it’s smart to share with a friend. But otherwise, I was very happy with both the food and the staff!
R15    The place is cozy but a bit cold. Staff was really nice and helpful. Would definitely recommend the loaded fries but the wrap was a bit dry. The place is located in a cute modern area, so if you want to visit a pub, cafe or etc later you have many options near by.
R15    Everything is great, highly recommend the Beyond Meat Smash Burger and the Loaded Fries
R15    We had the Beyond smäsh burger (an ok, yet totally unmemorable, McDo-style burger), Ceasar salad with tofu (tasty sauce, fresh ingredients, nice textures - overall lovely), and hot chocolate (too sweet - tasted like a regular Nesquick-style drink).  An open kitchen, so be prepared to wash your clothes afterwards - the smell of oil really settled in our sweaters.  Dog-friendly.
R15    Loaded sweet fries were absolutely delicious 🫶 Wish we had this place in Ukraine
R15    Very good vegan food. Recommend to non vegans to try as well!
R15    Great good! Cauliflower wings are a new favourite 😍
R15    took beyond meat burger. looks cool, but by taste nothing special. pat by taste was closer to nuts than meat. liked fresh vegetables.
R15    Excellent service, creative & chill vibes, love the food
R15    Best vegan food option in Tartu. Also their Beyond Smash is probably one of the best burgers I've ever had the pleasure of devouring... just perfect!
R15    I recently had the pleasure of dining at Veg Machine, a small vegan restaurant with great service. The restaurant was a cozy and welcoming space, and the staff were all incredibly friendly and attentive. I had the dan dan noodles for my meal, and they were absolutely delicious. The noodles were cooked perfectly and the sauce had just the right amount of spice. I would highly recommend Veg Machine to anyone looking for a delicious and satisfying vegan meal. Overall, I had a wonderful experience at this humble vegan restaurant and would definitely return in the future.
R15    I don't go much for vegan food, but noodles here were absolutely amazing and easily place among best things I ate in Tartu. Highly recommended.
R15    Best vegan burger I had. I took the one with beyond “meat”. Ultimate comfort food. It’s not really a restaurant, rather takeaway / food court in a mall at the top floor. But if you need a break from shopping it’s perfect!!! (Or use bolt food)
R15    Pulled sweet potato sandwich was incredible. So good.
R15    I like the room is very beautiful!
R15    Beyond meat burger was the most delicious burger I have ever eaten in my life!
R16    High prices and subpar food. The duck is an absolute disgrace - overcooked, with a soggy skin. You can see it cut off in the background.
R16    Fish and chips was great. Good source ingredients and well made. 5/5
R16    Nice atmosphere, the staff was very kind and friendly, very good prices and the food was delicious!
R16    Really good quality food, friendly staff & great place for lunchtime specials  They also speak Estonian & English. Go for a lunchtime special and they include free coffee!
R16    Not really a café, but a restaurant. We had cocoa and coffee: neither were hot anymore, and the cocoa tasted like the cheapest ready-mixed powder with heaps of sugar. The prices aren't cheap either. Also, the waiter smelt of smoke.
R16    Amazing Place, the terrace bar offers a wonderful overlook
R16    Food is excellent, especially for lunch time, but 4 stars because they added one euro on top over previous 3,5 euro lunches.
R16    Very good
R16    Great food, great service, wonderful rooftop seating area.
R16    Maintained by the university students. Good place to have dinner.
R16    Tasty food and very good service.
R16    Nice Jazz music and sweets for your evening tea.
R16    Is a beautiful place and eats well and good price
R16    Delicious food, great ambience. Comes at a cost though.
R16    It is nice inside!
R16    Bit pricy
R16    Nice view to the University of Tartu
R16    Ok!
R16    Nice service!
R16    Great place!
R17    Great service and wonderful food; we had the braided pork and the Wiener schnitzel- both dishes quite exceptional. Early evening on the terrace was enjoyable.
R17    Service could be more enthusiastic, food is quite expensive taking into account that this is a pub. chicken wings (10) 8,90.- could've been 6,90 etc.
R17    Besides being open later at night than most other places in Tartu, we didn't find there any plusses. We waited to give our order more than 15 minutes, and got told off twice by the waitress '"You need to wait!' Then she took an order from a much bigger table that arrived later than us (who, by their comments, didn't appreciate the place too much either).  Drinks came very slowly. Food was not good - extremely dried-out chicken strips. Waitress's comment to feedback was "So sad". Full price.  There are a lot of smokers on the terrace. We dined outside, and were in a cloud of smoke most of the time . Can't imagine how the people living above the restaurant can survive with the smoke and noise.  All-in-all, if you are starving late at night, you might give it a try.
R17    Had crispy chicken burger and Wiener schnitzel, both were very tasty and large portions. Sweet potatoes were especially very nice and crispy. Good beer selection too.
R17    I tried the Vegan Beyond Burger and it was really good and I highly recommend it. The sauce that came with the fries was pretty good and made the bit salty fries much better! Service was great but the outside seating is a bit too close to other’s and some of the tables are wobbly making eating a but uncomfortable but it’s a minor problem. Otherwise I highly recommend it!
R17    Ate lunch here. Craft beer selection was a bit weak. Few draft beers. The loaded fries were huge, seljanka 5e was cheap and big portion and the expensive 20e lamb was good. Avoid the schnitzels.
R17    Oliver was my waiter great guy, very friendly and helpful. The food was good and the vibe chill!
R17    Overall good place. Sweet potatoe fries were little soggy. Other than that the burger was good and I liked the lime sauce.
R17    Nice place in middle of city. Good food, friendly service, nice music -what else you need in warm summer night ?
R17    Pub food above average. Menu choice is larger than usual pub offering, beers choice us a bit weak when it is about draft bier. Now, we have been well accommodated since the beginning and that is very good to feel welcome. Then we had biers within a normal range of time but had to wait for almost ONE HOUR to get our meal. It is way too long for two soups and two classics dishes. The waiter was very polite and apologised for the waiting and gave the excuse that was a busy evening... well maybe but luckily for us some tables were free. The excuse of being busy on Friday does not sound music to my ears, just hire people according to the day of the week. Extras exist, boss
R17    Very nice place and lovely workers :)
R17    Went for the variety of meats for the two of us as we just wanted to grab a snak in the middle of evening. It was delicious, that kind of food that makes you want to keep eating more and more. Will definitely visit it again.
R17    They have one of fastest servings in town. I like it how it's looks inside. At evenings they are translating some sport events so if you are fan of sports this is best place to be.
R17    Nice nostalgial place. friendly service and okay food for pub. Drinks selection was small for my liking for a pub.
R17    Nice place that serve DIY food. If you’re tired of regular pubs that serve ready-to-eat food this is the place to go! I ordered garlic bread and got bread and garlic separately. They didn’t provide instructions but combining the ingredients and making my own garlic bread was pretty easy (and fun).
R17    Quite nice place in the city center. I took the daily special (pork with potatoes and vegetables) and it was fresh and tasty. Also not expensive - 5,90.
R17    Had some chicken fingers and a beer. Cost about 15€. All together a nice experience. Has a large TV for sports fans and interesting interior design. Quiet enough to hold a conversation.
R17    This is a classic looking pub on one of the main streets of Tartu. Well priced, honest food, reasonable selection of beers.  We visited with 3 adults and 3 relatively young kids, had dinner and a drink.  What stood out was the service - the young gentleman serving our table was quick, friendly and almost "un-Estonian" in being proactive.  Overall - good for grabbing a beer with the guys and having some food.
R17    Vegan options. Good beer. Nearby venue building process bothering.
R17    Called "Pahad Poisid" in Estonian.  Stand-out foods are the Mince Meat Dumplings in Cream Sauce, and the One Pan Dish.
R18    It's much smaller than it use to be (at its okd location) but still a nice place to go and it has a cozy terrace at Antoniuse Courtyard. I ate mochi ice cream, which is a pretty rare thing to find in Tartu. I totally recommend.
R18    Genuine italian pizza!Fresh, italian ingrediences, baked on fire plus friendly cook and great price. You cannot find better pizza in Tartu!
R18    I’m from Italy, and not even there have I ever tried a pizza like this one. The chef combines different techniques in making the dough, learnt, as he explained to me, when working in different cities in southern Italy. The result is simply outstanding. Hats off to the true pizza master of Estonia!
R18    Amazing pizza, very friendly staff, nice and casual atmosphere. I hear they're also renowned for their gelato, but the machine was broken. The wine and the pizza more than made up for it though! Wish the evening hours were a bit longer though, would visit a lot more frequently, but getting off work before they close at 18 is a bit of a bummer.
R18    Have eaten there five times and had a consistent high quality experience. The three corner stones of a good pizza are dough, tomato and cheese and they nail all three, which is rare. Cheese is gooey, bread is fragant and the tomato sauce is so tasty that it's a dish in its own right. Lovely to see Italian soft drinks instead of the usual Cokes and Fantas. A real treat to have a proper Italian restarant/grocery shop on our own doorstep.
R18    Fantastic pizza and a great shop. I truly like this place a lot. The food is fantastic (cannolis included) and the items for sale are all high quality. The only reason for 4 stars is the unpredictable hours. I never know if this place will be open or not so i don't come nearly as much as I might otherwise. I always look forward to a meal here though!
R18    Fantastic, easily the best in town pizza, made properly with a long ferment cycle dough, and mozzarella buffala. Desserts and coffee are great too. Have never been disappointed ❤
R18    If you're looking for Neapolitan pizza, this is as close as you're going to get in Tartu. If you're in town, this is where you get your pizza, they never disappoint. The dough is the proper 48h one, they use mozzarella di buffala, the whole thing. I like their sweets, i think they make their own gelato and they import italian goods like olive oil, seasonal fruits and veggies plus meat and cheese products. This is one of my favorite places in town, its just sad i don't visit as often as i'd like.
R18    Authentic cannolo and great people
R18    Recreated memories of Italy. Super place.
R18    Hands down the best pizza you will ever find in Tartu. Prices for pizzas range from 4-10€ and every penny is worth your money.
R18    Excellent pizza with decent price
R18    The food was very delicios. Real Italian Pizza baked in a wood stove!
R18    Very good restaurant for that real Italian taste. Plus, varieties of raw material to make the best Italian cuisines.
R18    Delicious Neapolitan pizza made with super fresh ingredients and passion!
R18    The best pizza in my life! Also, very nice and warm staff :))) recommend 100% :)))
R18    One of the best pizza and fresh Sicilian fruits and products in town, recommend the orange juice, its delicious
R18    Steve told me to give 5 stars. I gave 5 stars. With Steve's recommendation...but the 🍕 is great!
R18    High level pizza! It's possible to buy  special  Italian food. Highly recommended
R18    Joshua showed us how pizzas are made. Remember - you have to eat the crust!
R19    Very liked the pub! Nice view from the window and the service is top notch! Liked that you could call for a waitress and a bill with just pushing a button. Food was also delicious:)
R19    Old school, cozy dining place, very nice and quick service. We ordered ceasar salad ränduri pubi style and “boy’s dinner”. Bachelor dinner was nice and made you feel full. Ceasar salad I didn’t like at all, it had little fish taste there
R19    Nice traditional food, delicious pancakes!
R19    If you are vegan, the coice for you is very poor. No plantbased milk for coffe and the inly meal was a pasta with vegetables. But I would not call them vegetables. It's only freezed vegs. And can food. No good for your stommach. 😬😬
R19    The pub was full, have to wait 10 min but it was worth it. The food was delicious, service was fast (even tho staff told us that it may take 45min). There is a kid play corner with toys and slide. Ordered garlick bread. For us it was funny that they brought us garlick and bread. (Ofcourse garlic was just a decor). Before Lunch we were at Ahaa, so we had entry tickets on wrist, got 10% discount.
R19    Good service and good food. Good prices. Great atmosphere. Remote control to call service. Unique interior design.
R19    Food was amazing with great presentation. Prices are very affordable compared to other restaurants.
R19    Delicious food, chill atmosphere, excellent service. Top!
R19    After a long, pleasant bus ride, this was definitely a nice stop. I haven't been here before, but there are good wienerschnitzels here. The design is also pretty comfy, two floors too.
R19    Food is great and so is the atmosphere but the service takes soooo long!!😞😞
R19    The service was really bad, the description in the menu does not correspond with what you get. I ordered cider on draft: not available, only can or bottle Than pelmene which were supposed to be cooked or fried (got fried only without asking). They were supposed to be served with side dish or salad, nothing. The quality was really really low. Don’t know what to say positive….
R19    Cold, over salted, DRY food. Sweet and sour chicken had 1 piece of chicken per whole meal. It was also dark, and smelled like someone was smoking right next to you.  Definetly would not recommend
R19    Strategically good place for travellers from Tartu bus station. But you should be very careful in case of much croud inside. The waiting time became very very long. Personal experience: over 1 hour waiting and the second time 40 minutes waiting. So in case of less time do not try it. The food is good and portions also. Seems the taste gone bit lower last times. Nice and cozy interior. Playing ground for children. The staff is polite, but it is not easy to catch them...
R19    Nice kids playground. OK prices. So, food. Pasta was over cooked in unsalty water. Soup was over salted and schnitzel was only ok food we ordered.
R19    Service is sometimes unacceptably slow. Have to wait for 40 minutes for a simple soup or pelmens, even though there are not many other customers. Also they don't have prices out for desserts and drinks during lunch time which I call disrespectful business practices against customers.
R19    Good dining place with good food. I like the “krõbedad kanasnäkid” cause its the best food. Also the view is to Hotell Tartu and Tartu bus station. Its located in Tasku and you can get there through CCC or from bus station. And the pasta in there is pretty good, or snacks are amazing too.
R19    It's a pub. And there is only 1(one!!!) sort of draft beer. But the cuisine is not bad, if you like pineapples and pomergranade. Oh, and about tails. Just remove that f... tails from the shrimp, if you put it in salad. Tails are not edible, really.
R19    Best secret in Tartu, 🤫 good food friendly service, The menus could use some going over with a whipe.other than that,convenient Easy access😊👍
R19    Good! Little hard to find (Tartu's best keep secret ;) ), but really nice place.
R19    Great salmon and shrimp soup, cozy atmosphere, thank you!
R20    On our 24H trip to Tartu, we had the chance to have dinner at this lovely small restaurant. A few steps away from the main food places it's located in a beautiful traditional old house with a garden in the back. All the dishes we ordered where so delicious and tempting to order even more. Definitely a reason to come back to Restaurant Spargel and their lovely service!
R20    We enjoyed a fine dining experience here on our last night in Tartu. We ordered the goat cheese salad with blueberries and pears, chicken schnitzel and the duck filet. All the dishes were attractively plated and delicious! Our desserts, molten chocolate cake and pavlova were wonderful. The restaurant staff was very friendly.  The place has a nice vibe, and is very attractive with contemporary furnishings. It’s located just outside the historic district in a quiet neighborhood near the shopping area. We think it’s one of the best restaurants we’ve eaten at in Estonia and it was very budget friendly.
R20    Really nice restaurant with a very interesting history as a former children's sanatorium.  It was nice to find a place that had vegetarian options and dishes with vegetables included.  We ordered their broccoli salad as a starter, which was really good.  For a main course we ordered their two risotto dishes--mint and pea risotto with shrimp and the beet risotto with goat cheese.  Both were excellent.  I also tried a couple of the local craft beers they were featuring.  Unfortunately they were from a can and not on tap, but both were very good.
R20    Really excellent food and chill vibes. Service was friendly and attentive. Really appreciated the number of vegetarian/vegan options on the menu. Can recommend the tomato-lentil soup and broccoli salad.
R20    interesting place to visit. comfy house- like atmosphere,  different areas to sit (rooms)friendly staff. tasty dishes, high quality.  easy charge free parking near the house. terrace is opened.
R20    So far the best food in the Baltics. Everything was delicious with high quality ingredients. Totally recommend!
R20    Cosy restaurant and cafe in the middle of Tartu with kindly staff...They have fresh and tasty slices of cakes and tarts. You can find many Vegan food and drinks in their menu as well! I truly enjoyed spending a night in this awesome place
R20    Very good tasty food. However the portions are small and the prices quite high for Estonia.
R20    Kohvik Spargel is located in an old building, if I am not wrong it was an old rehabilitation house for kids, then converted to a restaurant. In fact, seems to enter in a house with different rooms quite intimate. If you like to stay in a quiet place avoid the place located close to the room for kids...it will be quite noisy sometimes... In just 4 minutes by walk from Tartu main square, you can be there! The restaurant offers local food and the price vs. quality is good. In fact you can get a meal with good quality products and still prices are ok. In the city i usually come here. We have partecipated to the contest "tasty Tartu" occuring once per year in Febbruary and I liked to spend time here. I recommend it!
R20    Great place with tasty food and quick welcoming service. They also have a big children’s room which our daughter enjoyed so much while we were enjoying our food :) Recommended!
R20    The atmosphere is relaxed and the menu is very good but the taste is a bit too simply homemade considering the ingredients. I had a bit higher expectations but good enough for casual dinner. Would not choose for celebrations.
R20    Soooo delicious. Best place to eat in Tartu. The atmosphere is cozy, the stuff was very friendly and the food very tasty!
R20    Beautiful rooms, nice atmosphere, looks like a five Star restaurant but the prices are human. Perfect service and the food is very refined. I got the liver shashlik (excellent) and 2 craft Beers (I was thirsty, the dish fits better with red wine) and paid 27 Euro.
R20    Food taste like home. They have a really good lunch offer starting from 11:30-14:30. You can take as much you think is enough.
R20    Fantastic spot! Very close to the center. Food is beautifully served and very delicious! Very cozy and chich!
R20    Nice atmosphere, amiable staff, we dropped by for a cup of tea, Pavlova dessert recommended by a waitress was delicious for my taste, my companion found berries too sour. We will probably come to have lunch there during their lunch hours (10:30-14:30).
R20    Wonderful experience with kids! We got a reservation and we're seated near the playroom. It was a lifesaver as we could eat slowly and calmly while children were playing. Food was above our expectations. We had all 3 soups, Cesar salad and duck. Everything was tasty! And service was very welcoming and quick. Thank you!
R20    My favorite go-to place in Tartu. The quality, presentation and the taste of the dishes is superb. Like from another world. I tried goat cheese salad and lamb with mushroom pie. Wow! Just wow! Thank you for all the Team members in Spargel. Also, there is a play house/corner for children, one of the best I've ever seen in a restaurant.
R20    Thank you for good food and nice service. At next possibility I will be back.
R20    Very nice place. Very good food.
R21    We have been here several times before and I love visiting this restaurant inside Lounakeskus shopping complex. Restaurant is very tidy, service is satisfactory, food is amazing and prices are overall reasonable.  This time we arrived a little time before closing but staff were happily serving us and food was nothing short of the usual quality.  Thumbs up for always serving great food and on a personal note, thank you for always serving me very spicy meals, as I request.
R21    I ordered fried rice noodles with prawns and minced pork with egg soup. The noodles were bland, no texture and the prawns were tiny. The soup had no kick so I asked for vinegar to add in. The chef obviously was not trained and has zero knowledge of cooking Asian dishes.
R21    The only place my kids like Asian food. Lam and duck dishes are especially good. Plus naan’s. There are Asian professional cooks. The Chi in town centre is pretty bad in terms of food. Lõunakeskus is good for lunches and dinners.
R21    Waiting time for a daily: 30 minutes. Tea as well.  A bit on the lukewarm side. Had better from that place.
R21    Extremely delicious and very friendly service, good portion sizes for the price. Everything was perfectly seasoned and warm. Didn't need to wait long for my order. Definitely my new favorite asian cuisine restaurant.
R21    I really love meals there. And Chi tea is very tasty.
R21    My partner and I are both on a small side, so we can order a single portion as a dinner for two, and it's filling and cheaper that way.
R21    Very nice and cosy restaurant, with Asian taste. I just didn't like the staff's behaviour towards me; they were very moody...
R21    Enormous menu and portions no less large. If something is marked spicy - take care, it really is.
R21    I'm sorry, but awful. Our waiter's behaviour wasn't friendly and, as me with my partner felt, passive agressive when we asked our questions about the food. Guys, we understand, everybody can feel tired, so we didn't paid attention and just waited for our food. I had rice with tomatoes and mushrooms and my partner chicken with honey-chili sauce. So... Chicken was too dry and my rice was really salty and not delicious at all. So I don't recommend this place. I'm sorry.
R21    The combination of worst customer service and food.  The waiters have 0 understanding of customer service and behave like we own them something. Visited yesterday and never again! Very rude and impolite. Not recommended. Of course I don't expect them to smile every time but I think throwing plates on table and disrespecting customers, making them feel like leaving, is very weird. Mixed bills, food doesn't taste like anything. I almost never write negative reviews to the restaurants, as my family also has a business in my country and i know very well sometimes things don't go as planned. But THIS was really too much :)
R21    Worst customer service!! We went to celebrate our special day with friends and took a special cake with lot of zeal but waiters did not allow us to cut the cake saying that outside food isn't allowed (they didn't had cake in their menu though). This was totally illogical. I would highly recommend owner to improve attitude of staff.
R21    When we entered, the restaurant was full, but four tables needed to be cleaned. So as long as we were three, we decided to wait next to the double table and let the waitress know that we would love to sit at the next table, which had a couch. And then it started. -Somehow the waitress decided to clean the most miniature table for us as long as she justified it would be faster; -She accepted our order like we were enemies and she was a victim; -The way she served plates was disgusting! -We ordered thali with rice and got thali with noodles; -We also got an eyebrow on one of the naan bread; -We ordered tea, and the waitress forgot to bring it; -We got a bill from the table next to us, ofc we paid as we had to pay, but the bill was somehow mixed and confusing;  This was the worst eating experience in Estonia during my six years here. NOT RECOMMENDED!
R21    Nice friendly staff Delicious Food Tasty indian bread Juicy tender chicken Foreigners friendly Only one thing bothered me there ; orders take a bit long time to served
R21    Visited your place today (Valentines day), waiter didn't start with saying that waiting time is 30+ minutes (said when we had ordered), otherwise we would have left. In addition, she was slow and rude, food was good but not worth the wait.
R21    Overpriced and more expensive than London. the quality was dire. the naan bread was like a pancake. The Dahl was liquid and the wrong order. The fish was not even worth looking at let alone tasting. i would avoid this place. I could of got a flight back to London for the family and i for what i paid in Chi Express. I dont mind paying if it is quality dining but this is far from quality dining. I could not give lower than one star or i would of done.
R21    Till I post this review, I already took dinner twice in this restaurant. For me as Asian, this resto can release my missing of Asian food. Even though it doesn't provide Indonesian food, I still get something spicy and hot for Asian tongue.  The price is reasonable for restaurant inside Mall building.
R21    Food is delicious, but the service takes too long, we waited for 45-50 min for one portion of chicken and rice, while watching numerous take-away offers being made every second
R21    Amazing place and super big and tasty portions. Staff is really welcoming and speaks English. I like how cozy restaurant looks.
R21    Food and service is amazing! Prices could settle down a bit though
R22    Very good food at a good price, i love their soups and maki. Have eaten there quite a few times and it's always been a good experience. Would recommend! UPDATE: Went there again today, still very good food and good prices!
R22    One of the best sushi in Tartu, imo. A little bit pricey, but good quality. Tempura and warm sushi, and miso soup especially tasty. Sometimes they’re too busy to take orders, but still nice place.
R22    Ehh, nothing great. Ordered two lunch offers. Mine came with 6 small shrimps. The other one with sushi, at least had decent portions.
R22    Incredible food at a good price. Sound isolation would be the only complaint but the decor is well done. Wish they had a branch in Tallinn as well.
R22    Really tasty and good sushi. Soft and nice algae, good rice and fresh fish. Desserts are really delicious, really recomend the fried icecream...got us melting
R22    The best place to enjoy sushi in Tartu. And they make awesome cocktails too :) and the Kyoto dessert is heavenly.
R22    Best sushi place in Tartu! Very cozy interior, and delicious food 🍲🍤🍣🍜
R22    My favourite restaurant in this place.
R22    Sushi are average, but veiw from the windows is good
R22    Changing 5 stars to 1. Sasha, what is wrong with your waitresses? Honestly, I am fed up with their rude behavior. They never smile, throw and take back menus like I have offended their family. I just ordered a dessert with chocolate and mascarpone and was brought some ice cream-like cold thing. It's freezing winter! I don't want ice cream! I brought it back and told that the menu should tell (or a waitress should tell!) that it's ice cream. "It's not an ice cream" told me a waitress while looking into the phone and chewing gum. Well, neither it is mascarpone! Loved your bentos, but this service is the worst in Tartu.  ----- Review from 2018:  Great bento menus. Soup, tea, and a box of good food. Recommended when you are very hungry. :)
R22    Overall delicious. Sushi large size.
R22    Best sushi in Tartu! Great assortment of rolls, nigiri, tempura and other types of sushi. Yummy desserts and cocktails. I hope some day there will be at least one Yakuza sushi bar in Tallinn as well.
R22    We arrived today at 20.00, the waitress aware us that we will have to wait 1 hour before having dinner. We accept and began to choose sushis. 20 minutes later she came and said to us that unfortunately the restaurant is not serving sushis anymore. Disastrous Service. Everybody was chocked about the situation. This is not acceptable.
R22    bad sushi
R22    Really good and with affordable options. Lovely waitress.
R22    Good business lunches, quite big portions. They also have a very beautiful view.
R22    Visited it many times: place, service & food quality are OK. Had no problems here.
R22    Definitely not the best quality sushi and the rice was way under cooked. Can't recommend it.
R22    Love the daily lunch specials!! Nice view and interior!
R22    Overrated. Too much cheese in rolls for me.
R23    The interior is great. Coffee - the world's most expensive and tasteless coffee Lungo (5.20-€/little cup!) Prepared without any barista skill. The place itself is nice, but I would recommend drinking coffee elsewhere. The cake was tasty and at an average Estonian price.
R23    Prices are a bit high but otherwise nice cozy cafe next to bookshop.
R23    Surprisingly good food, a gem burried in a mall, this place could easily compete with Rüütly Str more upscale places. Menu is not overburdened, but every bit is finely crafted. Do not let the appearance and lack of table service fool you, the food is one of the best in Tartu.
R23    My favorite cafeterias are the one's which are together with book stores.
R23    Nice private place, good snacks, average service
R23    A good place for a quick and light lunch.
R23    Nice place. Average service.
R23    Nice place
R23    Väga head lõunapakkumised, tasuta maitsevesi ja kukkel.
R23    Soovisin tulla poiss-sõbraga kohvi jooma, sulgemiseni oli tund aega (18:00)ning teenindaja saatis meid minema, sest nad hakkavad sulgema.
R23    Очень уютное место. Замечательное обслуживание, вкусный кофе.
R23    Nautisime sööki, teenindust, vaikust. Tundub suhteliselt avastamata koht. Üllatav, et kaubanduskeskuses leidub söögikohta, mis pole oma menüüd ülelihtsustanud/kiirtoidustanud.
R23    Hubane koht, lihtsad ja maitsvad road
R23    Suurepärane koht kui soovid istuda natuke isoleeritult teistest külastajatest ja nautida keskpärast torti automaadikohvi tasemel kohviga.
R23    Läksime kohvikusse 13:05. Letile oli pandud kell, et paus on 30 min. Läksime 30 min pärast tagasi aga kella oli vahepeal 15 min edasi lükatud. Kella edasi lükkamine pole korrektne.
R23    Väga maitsvad toidud ning teenindus oli kiire. Interjöör oli hubane. Ainult klubimuusika asemel oleks võinud midagi rahulikumat mängida ;)
R23    Vaikne.  Vaheseintega eraldatud lauad - hea kohtumispaik ka privaatseks vestlemiseks. Väga tähelepanelik teenindus. Värske ajaleht. Väike, kuid oma hinda väärt menüü - alati aus ja ohtrate marjadega dessert  sh. Juurdepääs keerdtrepist või eskalaatoriga.
R23    Toitlustusasutuse juhataja võiks tööle palgata viisaka välimusega ettekandja kui on see naisterahvas neoontoonides rastapatside ja naba paljastava särgikesega, kes ei suuda ka tellimust korrektselt vastu võtta, sest mõtleb, mis tooni ta järgmisel korral juuksed värvib🧐. Selline sobib töötama kuskile lõbustusasutusse. Kokkasid kiidan, sest toit maitseb kohvikus hästi.
R23    Seekordsel suhtlemisel tundus vestlus üle ootuste normaalsem.Asjad said aetud küll paberil ja kokkuleppetasandil aga oli meeldiv suhelda.
R23    Suurepörane asukoht,kiire teenendus,maitsev päevapakkumine
R24    We enjoyed the pizza very much. Puffy pan pizza, very tasty.
R24    Always love the Casa blanca 🍕 Suur pitsa, 12€+
R24    Great place for a quick meal. Personally I haven't seeb other places serving pizza that way! Amazing, light and tasty food. Highly recommended, for a quick meal! ;)
R24    I love this place! Take pepperony with exstra corner cheese!
R24    Pizzakiosk makes undoubtedly one of the best Pizza in Tartu. Still the best.
R24    Perfect for quick bite. Good selection. Be sure to take extra cheese in crust.
R24    Quite OK pizza. Nice and quiet corner at the big supermarket. Rarely full.
R24    Really good pizza and estonias one of the biggest shopping mall.
R24    I got a dirty plate plus the waitress was pretty toxic and impatient.
R24    A tasty pizza that you don’t wanna miss
R24    It was a great experience.
R24    Super
R24    Best pizza in Tartu
R24    Norm
R24    Maistas gražiai atrodo, bet skanus nėra. Pavalgyt galima, bet skoniu nedžiugina. Atmosfera paplyšusi gerokai. Bet jau aptarnavimo baisumas...miegantis vaikas sėdi kuris nenusiteikęs kalbėtis ir mergaitė sukiojasi virtuvėje..nieko neklausia nieko nesako, viską pasiimk pats niekas jam neidomu. Įlindęs gyvena savo telefone. Fui fui fui.
R24    Kohutav, tellisin pitsa ilma sinihallitusjuustuta. Toodi siis sinihallitusjuustuga. Olgu, ikka juhtub, ootasin siis uuesti 15 minutit uut pitsat ja kui selle kätte sain oli see täiesti toores. Vabandust ega mitte midagi ei saanud.
R24    Käisime täna perekonnaga Lõunakeskuse Pizzakioskis söömas. Pizzad olid head...teenindus oli aga alla igasugust arvestust. Teenindaja loivas taga ruumist välja, tehes omi asju mis oli tunduvalt tähtsamad kui klientide teenindamine. Kohvide tegemine võttis tunduvalt kauem aega kui pizzade...taldrikud, noad/kahvlid pidime ise otsima( mis ei olnud ka kõige puhtamad)...kui palusime coca cola jaoks klaasi toodi kuum klaas...salvrätikuid mida palusime jäidki saamata... Enam sinna kindlasti sööma ei lähe.
R24    Krt tellisin fanta, kuskil juhiseid ei ole kuidas saab. Aparaadist sain siis terve topsi konsentraati, valasin osa välja, lahjendada pole millegagi peale jää. Väga ülbe teenindus ka, olin seal esimest korda(ja ka viimast), ei mingeid juhiseid joogi aparaatide kohta, võiks ikka seinal kiri olla, et aparaat väljastab kontsentraati mitte tavalist fantat. Ühesõnaga jook jäi joomata, sest jäämasina jää nii ruttu ei sula.
R24    Nõrk teenindus. Suhteliselt kohutav pizza.
R24    Tellisin läbi tellitoidu pitsa ise järgi minemisega. väidetavalt on nad avatud kella kümnest. kui mina sinna jõudsin 10:55 polnud ühtegi töötajat kohal ja minul oli juba toidu eest makstud. pidin tellimuse tühistama ja tühjade kätega minema jalutama.
R25    One if the  best restaurants in tartu For Sushi,pizza and others amazing delicious Beautiful ambiance and best food  quality
R25    I am in love with this place!! Wonderful service, very nice and simple food! It's a family owned business and very friendly. I have ordered the burgers, the wrap, the vegan pizza, ramen and the grill salad - everything is so fresh and juicy. Thank you <3 <3
R25    Very delicious and quite cheap. Superb!
R25    Great wrap and friendly staff!
R25    One of the best pizza and wrap I have had! Super kind service and awesome prices as well! Will be coming back!
R25    Many options for everyone, including vegan ones. Open long hours.
R25    Pizza was very tasty.😋 We asked for recommendations what to choose and got that we wanted. Everything was perfect.
R25    They have an awesome veggie pizza and great tempuras. The veg burger is best in Tartu for sure.
R25    The food was good, but the dishes looked a little dirty. Also very few tables and little space in general
R25    Worst salami pizza ever... so oily and too sweet at the same time being salty... disappointing...
R25    Veggie carry rice is the best and they’re a really sweet family:)
R25    Ordered pizza online, best pizza i had. Keep up the good work. 👍
R25    Best vegan food in Tartu :) keep it up.
R25    very good quality to price ratio and very professional customer service!
R25    Fast and good service, very tasty food and cheap prices!
R25    Absolutely delicious!
R25    Great place. Delicious food. Good price!
R25    You guys have the best everything. Lots of love!
R25    Can't get better quality for those prices in Tartu.
R25    Great food and service!
R26    Enjoyed a tasty meal here. Good choice of food options, including a few for vegetarians. Portion sizes were generous. The waitress was very friendly, attentive and helpful. Good experience overall and good value for money.
R26    I can only rate from the food quality perspective, due to giving this restaurant a go with Bolt delivery : and it was great! Very generous portion amount, taste is pleasant and good enough. Basmatti rice are well steamed, great flavor. Honestly, 9/10.
R26    Dry fried lamb was so delicious. The dessert too. And the waitess personality deserves 5 stars as well. We shared 4 dishes and a desert, plus beer, in total 56 € for 3 people 🌶️🥢🍜🥠
R26    The food was the usual Chinese food, but still good. At least that was the case for the daily offer. I took chicken Beijing style. The service was nice though. As for the atmosphere, it wasn't anything special, the restaurant had 4 or 5 tables and a busstop view. The interior was kind of old.
R26    We tried the lunch offer and it was pretty  okay (quite big portion), wish it was a bit warmer. In the picture there are Prawns in garlic sauce with noodles and Peking chicken with noodles. The atmosphere was okay.
R26    We dined at the restaurant. Sadly all food was terrible quality and tasted off! Tikka tasted like burnt ashes.
R26    It is a very good Asian restaurant - maybe so far the best Asian restaurant in Tartu. Indian tikka masala was super. Everything seems clean, also WC. The interior design, especially the colours need some improvement. The stuff is very kind and helpfull
R26    Always a pleasure to return to this restaurant. Very tidy restaurant, authentic mouthwatering meals and very helpful staff working there. Thank you !
R26    Update - I've eaten here countless times since my review and I still love it. While the food occasionally tastes different, it's still extremely tasty. I will continue ordering here at least once a month. Every cuisine they make is fantastic.  Love this place. I've never had a bad meal. The spicy dishes with honey and chili are flat out amazing. The green curry and Indian dishes are great too. Nice atmosphere and great food!
R26    Disappointing - honey-chilli fried chicken - the only thing correct in that name was "chicken", but not in a "fried" shape. Also, the sauce was like ketchup mixed with water with almost no taste at all - no chilli smell even.  And to answer your comment below, i didn't say anything about the food being cold (that happens, if you order in). I said about the taste not being good (and i've had quite a lot of experience with different types of asian foods, this was the first time in my life when after taking 2 bites, i threw everything to the bin. I've never thrown food away like this). You should really consider the ingredients You're using and not go with the cheapest option in the market.
R26    A quiet corner if you are a discrete individual who wants to experience. It's best also for family dinners and is friendly for small kids.
R26    Hands down the best restaurant to eat Indian/Nepalese food and I have practically eaten at all the other restaurants in Tartu. This places is really under the radar but the price, the portion size and the taste are amazing... They have vegetarian options and also other Asia cuisine. Just amazing!
R26    Overall, it's very good and the staff is friendly. They even remembered me and my order when I came multiple times. The food is very tasty and they have many options, so you won't get bored
R26    I ordered via Bolt. Its was the worst indian restaurant food i had in Tartu. Being a Indian i know how a Chicken Tikka Masala tastes and looks like. Over spiced, over colored and sweatened. Chicken seeded to be coated with something which didn't tasted good at all. Not recommend chicken tikka masala from this place.
R26    Worst chinese food I have ever had. Took a bite, and threw the rest away. Food and especially the chicken tasted like it was straight from a dog food tin. Do not recommend, don’t order from here.
R26    We ordered teriyaki chicken wings and butter chicken which was really tasty. Would order them again. Why im giving only 2 stars is because king prawns which should be quite big and crispy were really soggy and tiny, worst I ever had, 12 euros for that is cheating.
R26    Great tasting food. Ordered take-away so can’t comment about the service, which has been a let down for some previous posters. They give complementary rice with meat dishes, which is super convenient and nice and helps to keep the costs down. Will order again :)
R26    Food was "okay+". I was a bit scared to try it after I ate at two asian restaurants in Tallinn and the food was absolutely horrible. The food I had at Red Chilli was MUCH better.... in Estonian standards this place must be more than okay+... the  meat quality seemed pretty typical Estonian to me, not as good as at home, but better than what I experienced in Tallinn. But I did appreciate that it felt more "fresh" than at home, less salty. At home asian food can be so salty that I feel CRAZY thirsty afterwards, I didn't feel like that after eating at Red Chilli. I ordered tap water with cucumber in it and the water was, as we say in Sweden "luke warm as a fart". Definitely need colder water when it is 27-29 degrees outside. The waitress was nice.
R26    They produced a wrong dish,  the tandoori dishes were just lightly spiced broccoli or chicken, the salat is appropriate for fastfood stalls or school cafeteria not a restaurant,  the sauce was bare sour cream :(. On the other hand the price corresponds to the quality.
R26    Ordered chicken noodles and cheese springrolls. Man i was dissapointed, the noodles were juust noodles, hardly spicy and didnt notice any chicken, only very litle pieces so even my vegan friend was wondering if i ordered the vefgan noodles. Sprinroll were tasteless so sadly did not enjoy this place at all.
R27    I really enjoyed my stay (3 nights) in this beautiful hotel. I had asked for a peaceful room and I really got it! I slept so well in my room after exhausting conference days. Location of the hotel was perfect (opposite the stunning university main building). Staff was very polite and friendly, and breakfast in the cosy cellar restaurant was very delicious . This time this was a business trip but Antonius hotel would be perfect for a romantic stay for couples. I'll keep this in mind.
R27    Excellent service, very clean, silent and cosy boutique hotel.  Good sleep in high quality beds.  Central location next to Tartu university, everything reachable in close proximity, walking distance. High quality restaurant for breakfast and dinner.
R27    A special place, classic style, very cozy and relaxing. The food is delicious, the breakfast is plentiful and varied. I would only recommend that the staff advise guests that breakfast must be ordered separately. The rooms are spacious and tastefully furnished. The staff is helpful, helped to arrange my personal affairs and requests.
R27    Opposite Tartu’s impressive university this comfortable boutique hotel is the perfect place to visit this lively and historic city.||The hotel itself is very nice- welcoming and comfortable, its rooms spacious, well equipped and full of character and its catering delicious. ||Sadly, the restaurant for dinner was not open that night- a great pity as the menu looked delicious.||Highly recommended.
R27    With wife we have stayed in all hotels of Tartu. Some hotels 3 times until we occasionally booked first time our theatre packet into hotel Antonius. Now 6-7 years have passed and we have stopped in Antonius 7-8 times already. We have there some favourite rooms to stay, which we ask when booking. All rooms are different and there certainly is  room for every taste. Plus very kind and helpful staff.
R27    The Antonius Hotel in Tartu must rate as one of the most exceptional hotels I have ever stayed in.  First of all, I was struck by the fact that as soon as I arrived on 11 October, they gave me not just an upgrade, but a *super*-upgrade, the likes of which I have never before experienced!  The room was huge and furnished with lavish drapes and period furniture fit for royalty.  Secondly, the buffet breakfast was exquisite, in particular the apple strudel, croissants, various jams, cheesecake, and fruit salads.  In my view, they must have employed an expert pastry chef to achieve that kind of culinary excellence.  Thirdly, the staff at reception were friendly, cheerful and helpful.  I would like to commend in particular one young lady named Vanessa, who went out of her way to be helpful - even stepping out into the cold one day to show us the way to a particular site.  If I ever find myself in Tartu again, I would elect to stay at the Antonius in a heartbeat.  Calling it 'five-star' is inadequate in my view:  I would rate it a *seven*-star hotel if I were given the option to do so!  Many thanks to all the wonderful staff there for making our stay a sheer delight!
R27    Stayed in double on first/ground floor and had plenty of room, same in the bathroom with shower, large bathtub and nice tiling. ||A bit disappointed by the breakfast served in the ( historic) basement even though summer terrace was open... not the best breakfast buffet during my one week stay ||
R27    The hotel is in Old Town Riga near the central square. The rooms are lovely, the breakfast was excellent, and the staff were helpful. Highly recommended.
R27    Very good location, clean, big rooms and comfortable bed. Also very good and healthy breakfast. Thank you for pleasant stay.
R27    We liked it alot. Very proffessional and nice service in the resto. Also we like very much the suite!
R27    marvelous rooms and services, very good location in the historical center of Tartu, we also enjoyed dining outside on the "terrace"
R27    We booked one of the suites and it was a beautiful room, AC worked well, gigantic bed. Service was mediocre. Breakfast was good, not great.
R27    Good hotel with good quality. Took the suite one where I was like in a fairytale. So, I certainly recommend y’all stay here!
R27    Luxury boutique hotel in a perfect location right in the city center. Very friendly staff makes one feeling like home. Breakfast and dinner was very good and worth every euro spent! Rooms do have all needed equipment and are quiet and cosy. We will definitely visit again!
R27    Stepping into Hotel Antonius’ cosy reception we were welcomed by Adele. She kindly explained all the details about our stay and said the she has prepared us a special room. We had booked Superior room (it’s their so-called lowest category) and we stayed at room 104, which is actually a Superior room. Stepping into the room we did not quite understand, what may be so special about it. But then we discovered an enormous bathroom, with shower and bathtub. It was as big as the room itself. It was a masterpiece and we could not stop thinking about the fact, that our future home should have the same kind of bathroom. We loved it!  Again, the bed was as comfy as it is always and view to the courtyard saved us precious sleep time. Hotel Antonius is located in the middle of old town, so it is totally understandable, that there might be some cheerful noise coming in the room at the middle of the night, but the courtyard view saved us from that small trouble. In addition, we had our dog with us and she was welcomed with huge bag full of sachets filled with treats and food. At the morning we were welcomed by Kristelle who served us with waitresses the best scrambled eggs and pancakes in Tartu. They are indeed the best, I promise. I can not pass by the fact, that hotel was nice and cool. These summer days have been too hot these days and we and our dog enjoyed working AC to the fullest. Thank You, team Antonius, for treating us so well! Until the next time!
R27    Fantastic. Room 102 is beautiful. Service excellent. Breakfast excellent
R27    Great room, friendly & helpful staff. Perfect location.
R27    My second visit to Antonius was as pleasant as the first one. The personnel are always friendly and helpful.  The deluxe room was spacious and beautiful. I wished to have a bathtub in my room, and so I did. But there was a separate shower, too.  The beautiful wooden floor is warm and doesn't really need the old carpet at all, in my opinion. (Bed covers are a problem in most hotels, because they are not washed often enough.)  A slight minus goes to the breakfast buffet table. It could be attended to more carefully and more often. Poached eggs' dish to be ordered separately is delicious.  You can enjoy fine dining at Antonius.
R27    Been there few times and like it. Things which stand out: 1. Romantic atmosphere 2. Good bedware 3. Good breakfast 4. Silence I recommend if you care of any these items. Parking is a bit tough but not impossible. Also location in very center of Tartu old town if argument for some.
R27    Very very satisfied with Antonius hotel. Very very good location (opposite of Tartu University) High level of service. Very very helpful staff. A la Carte breakfast and sparkling wine 🧑‍🍳🧑‍🍳. Highly recommended
R28    Great Sushi and excellent service!
R28    Reasonably priced and great service. Food is your typical Estonian style japanese food with pork makis and chicken nigiris so it's hardly authentic but it's all tasty. Beer choice is abysmal with no craft and one type of Japanese beer I think.
R28    Fan of Tempura...it has always been one of my favourite dish then visiting Tokyo sushibaar...
R28    3 vegetarian sushi options as well as Veg set with misu soup, 4 sushi, spring rolls and salad (I didn't like it). However all vegetarian sushi's were tasty. Wine is overpriced (paid for 6EUR bottle 30EUR). I do not recomend avocado and lime cake.
R28    Very nice place! We will come again!
R28    Very tasty sushi for a reasonable price.
R28    Worst sushi i ever eat. Sushi rice is over cooked, 😩  inside ingredient so to much pressed not feel avocado or premium salmon only cucumber was good. Really never write bad reviews but dinner go wrong for this amount of money 💰
R28    We've been living in Tartu for several years and this used to be our favourite restaurant. In all our years we never experienced service like yesterday. The food was great like always but the service was apalling. We ordered our usual set and the waiter started ridiculing us for ordering so much. He kept saying over and over: "Oh you can't eat that much!" and he came back asking us if we're really going to order that much. It felt like fatshaming and ruined the mood. While we were eating he yet again came back and was laughing at how much we were eating. In the end he was amazed that we ate our food and kept laughing. What an absurd situation. We've never experienced anything like this before. We feel very sorry but we're never coming back.
R28    I really enjoyed the dine in 👌 The atmosphere was the fantastic one Meals served plus the customer service and care was so amazing Really the area is so adorable 🥰 Can't complain at all Can't wait to see them again.
R28    We came on Sunday at 8:10 pm and they turned us out although they close at 9 pm. They said that they’ll close the kitchen in 15 minutes but refused to serve us. Very unpleasant experience.
R28    Obscure entrance - small sign, closed door, almost like stepping into a stairwell of a residential building, only to find a nice restaurant interior behind the door.  We were the only guests, so the servicing was really quick. Sushi was good - not extraordinary, but OK.  If anything, the restaurant lacks a mojo - lacks that special something that sets it apart.
R28    Sushi is ok, and the service generally is friendly, but very disappointed that the staff does not care about the masks. When calling about this the reply was "oh... we wear them... in emergency situations... when clienets are around" which was even worse - I understand the wish to somehow explain yourself out of the uncomfortable situation, but guys what are you saying, there WERE 3 clients and you did NOT have masks. Also, leaves me wondering how is it with other hygiene issues then.  But thanks to the owner for quick and detailed reply!
R28    Searching for a place to eat, the tokyo sushibaar is the best place you can ever think of. Delicious food great wines and service....staff are outstanding. Highly recommended
R28    Good prices, classy place. Bathroom is available and food is great. But mojito is bad, like really bad. Mint leaves are supposed to be fresh, and sugar syrup is used for mojitos, but their mojito had little bits of mint leaves coming through straws and they used actual sugar. For 5 euros that is not okay.
R28    Always fresh and tasty. Waiting time is not long. Love to go there to have sushi and some other dishes. Waiters are friendly.
R28    The presentation is good too. A nice place, the food is taste, the price is just a little bit salty, but it is okay
R28    The heavily tattooed chef is the best sushi shef on this side of Estonia. I only visit when she is working.
R28    Best sushi in town! They have vegetarian sushi options too. Usually not very crowded so booking a table is not necessary. Take away and orders are possible too.
R28    Looks really presentable but comphy, i have visited many times. It is not that crowded either. Has many options and the cheaper options are really good aswell. Hard to notice the entrence is probably the only downside. :D
R28    Nice easy place with good food and just the right portions
R29    The food was great here. They have some great sharing deals, which work out the best for a group of friends. The food is delicious and halal. I definitely recommend and would go again myself.
R29    Great place. I was actually on my way into town to get a hesburger but saw this place and gave it a go. Very good choice honestly. Chips were great, very crunchy, and the kebab meat was perfect. Good selection of sauces as well. Highly recommended.
R29    The Kebab is alright but don't expect too much. You can have a menu with fries and drink, both large and medium size. The atmosphere is like in other food chains.
R29    Do yourself a favor and visit this lovely restaurant in Kebab stop . The service is very fast. The staff truly cares about your experience. The food is absolutely amazing delicious i would like to recommendation highly
R29    Twice I already visited them.  No problem to go back again and again.
R29    Small place, good choice, kebab itself and other food is pretty average but it’s impossible to find a good one in Tartu, so… better than nothing :)
R29    The best kebab in town for sure!
R29    Not really a place to go for atmosphere, more good for takeaway. Food is really good. Last time none of the staff members spoke estonian and english their was also a bit confusing. When i ordered with delivery the drinks were also wrong.
R29    Good food and has student discount!!
R29    Honestly one of the best kebabs I've eaten. Really friendly waiter, reasonable prices and good food with a lot of filling.
R29    Greeeeeeat food ! Lacking a bit of spice on the kebab, but maybe that's the estonian way and I bet you could ask for more if you'd known to ask. What kinda ducked was that the place says its open until 22.00, but is only open until 21.00 for eating there. Between 21.00 and 22.00 they only have take out available.
R29    A small restaurant that is BIG on flavours and taste. You're served by a multilingual staff who spices up your experience with their friendliness. You will also feel at home with the flagship employee Usman. Value for money, great food, friendly staff, and modern friendly environment. It's a must visit if you like kebab meals.
R29    There are better kebabs in foreign countries, but this place is the best in Tartu and maybe in Estonia. The meat is not dry and there is plenty of salad. Fries are freshly prepared and prices ar reasonable :). Enjoy!
R29    Great place! Exellent food. Good prices, very friendly service!
R29    Some of the best kebab shops in Tartu. As I was recommended  - it is better to take away the food from there rather than order those from home - you get them much quicker and less soaked. The guys over there know what they're doing and if you want a quick pita or dürüm - it's definitely place to go.
R29    The kebabs and dürüms aren't too dry, there is actually meat and not 90% salad and the sizes are okay as well.  As someone else stated here in the reviews, it's not comparable to the options you have in some other countries (especially Germany) but on the Estonian scale, this place is far up and really doesn't deserve 0 stars.
R29    Best wrap in town, better than the kebab places in Tallinn. Is quite affordable, I will be going back. Once I got the wrong sauce but say what you want in english and then no problem. Is very tasty and fills u up properly so it's a 5er from me. Keep up the good work and the prices like that! :)
R29    Best kebabs in the world. My life in tartu was totally helped by their amazing kebab. For sure visit here again when I come back to tartu next time!
R29    Very disappointed. Portions have shrunk over time. Ordered extra salad, didn't even notice that there was salad. Meat was very dry, assembly was lacking: the first few bites had no sauce, the last few had nothing but. Usually the best kebab in Tartu, but this time I felt nothing but disappointment and I'm still hungry...
R29    Good food one of my favourite restaurants 👍🏼 4 stars because everytime I’ve added note to not add onion (because i had allergy to raw onion while pregnant) they still added onion 🤧 but it’s okay.. I just hope they don’t do this to someone who has really bad allergies.
R30    Good pizza and affordable price, they make it fresh so you have to wait for a while
R30    Average pizza. Not even close to NY standards. Ok if you are hungry. Staff is nice and helpful, place is neat and clean. About 15 different pizzas on the menu. The tuna one did not sit well with me.
R30    Well for the price you get what you pay for. Pizza was ready before i took my coat off. It was soggy in middle and felt like it was heated under one minute. Cup of tea was good but the cup it self looked like it was used in construction work. I would never go there for second bite.
R30    The pizzas are better than most of the other pizza places in Tartu. The crust is right, the toppings taste fresh. You get an above average pizza here. The pizzas are customizable to your liking too. Drinks are $$$ as in any restaurant. Over all, a solid choice for treating yourself.
R30    Although simple interior then atmosohere is still pleasant. Pizzas are good but nothing special. Good old honest place with low prices. You can eat there or take-away. Good for quick bite but if you want something more fancy then choose Da Vinci or La Dolce Vita.
R30    I gave this pizzeria a second try, only because it is close to my work, but still hopeless - it is one of the worst pizzerias in the town. Tastes like supermarket pizza with some tasteless frozen additions. The atmosphere is very much the same - some estonian radio playing in one corner and estonian tv in another. This pizzeria is just a low quality fast food place. Not worth.
R30    Great selection of pizzas and two options for vegan pizzas as well. Definitely recommend 😊
R30    One of my favourite pizza restaurants in Tartu. Every time i am visiting Tartu town i am visiting this restaurant. There's no posh seats or extensive menu. It's not too expensive. But quality of the food is outstanding for years and years. Hope this business will last long.
R30    Nice,strong 4 . Medium Hot Opera 6.60 €
R30    Regular-quality pizza for a good price. One of the best places for a quick and reasonably priced fix in Tartu. Pizza ready in about 10-15 minutes every time.
R30    Great place to snack and catch up with your friends !
R30    Unfortunately, the quality has dropped a bit, but still a reliable thin-crust pizza that is friendly to your wallet.
R30    Cheap and delicious pizza Nice staff
R30    Not crazy about their toppings, but the Margherita and the pepperoni pizza are ok. The place is immensely popular, so they definitely have a strong fan base. Though the pizza is remarkably average, Opera deserves credit for their consistency.
R30    Average pizzas in my opinion. Lack of spices and taste for pizzas. Next time I hope to find better place for pizza eating in Tartu!
R30    Best price and quality ratio! Easy going dining place, cozy and nice looking place. Lovely staff too, would recommend it :)
R30    Very good pizza and service helped me to decide the best  Pizza for me, keep up keep up the good work!!!!🤙🤙🤙
R30    Great skinny pizzas that are made quickly under 10 minutes. One of my fav pizza places in Tartu!
R30    Well done. Pizza was very good. Thin bottom, fine taste. Excellent price-quality :
R30    Simple place, but best pizza I have got in Tartu. I have eaten these pizzas over 10 years.
R31    Everyone here HAS KEBAB :)) Jokes aside, this really is so far the best kebab'eria around. Service is quick and food making process doesn't even take 2 minutes! If you're the one, who usually wants more meat, this is also a place to look forward to.
R31    One of the Best Kebabs in the town. It's one of my go to places for the lunch in Tartu. I think I have tried the whole menu and I must say My favourite is Kebab plate with extra spice and chicken. The working employees are so good and helpfull and always provide the food with needed customisation. Good discount as a student. Thanks HasKebab for the tasty Food. 💯🤩
R31    They Didn't Lie. This Is The Best Kebab In Town! I Really Freaking Like This Place. I Ordered A Beef Kebab And A Sprite The Workers Are Really Nice btw You Should Try This It's Really Good If Your A Muslim Yes There's halal foods
R31    Fantastic atmosphere! The food is AMAZING especiallt at 3 am. A must visit!
R31    The food here is very good and delicious. Very good service  Everything is halal and tasty
R31    حلال فوڈ❤️👍 The food was more delicious 😋 then my expectations 🙏❤️really best kebab meal 🥘 in town ❤️💜
R31    Took a L meal, big portion (considering there is also XL size). Food very tasty, staff is very friendly, welcoming and sweet, interior rather modern. Fries super crispy - just the way I like them. Kebab itself nice, big, tasty - liked the red cabbage, corn and carrot part, haven’t had these in other kebab places in Tartu. Price very good too, for the amount of food you get. Good luck boys and keep smiles on your face!
R31    I had a chicken kebab plate at a very reasonable price here. Staff is very professional and food is delicious. Best kebab in the town, no doubt.
R31    The best kebab place in Tartu. Also the view is very good from inside.
R31    Perfect! When you want a Kebab but not the nasty store bought stuff this place is just perfect
R31    Came here because of the reviews and holly molly, kebab in lavash was really god, sauce, meat, everything, if u like to eat much recommending to can Extra Large, but Large was also OK. 100% will come back!
R31    Falafel wrap was tasty. Fast service 👍
R31    Honestly the best kebab in town! Tastes amazing, very reasonable price and super fast service.
R31    One of the best kebabs I have ever tasted. Plus despite almost closing I still got serviced and got an extra discount. Really good experience!
R31    I will ask medium spiced, but eat half and 😭😭😭. To hot. I cant image taste of spiced! 🤣🤣🤣
R31    Best kebab (vegetarian) in Tartu.. maybe in Estonia :P
R31    Not the best kebab and Falafel I have tried, too greasy for me. I don't like mayo in my wrap :/
R31    Fast service and excellent food , really recommend the kebab box for eating on the go. Reasonably priced and quick and easy , would recommend
R31    The BEST kebab in Tartu 🤤 And if you order chilli you get good heat 🔥
R31    I was reluctant to visit due to the fact that I was already satisfied with my go-to kebab place (which is actually very near). I was surprised though. The best thing is that you can actually order a REALLY small dürüm roll, which is great for a smaller snack than the regular sized monsters :D The atmosphere at the place is not where you want to spend your lunch, but it is quite authentic with loud pop-music banging and kebabs keeping on coming! Would recommend to try. The parking is not ideal though during the day, usually there are only few free spots available nearby if you are picking it up yourself...
R32    Appealed by the good reviews, visited this pizzeria with genuine spirit and curiosity but was very negatively impressed.  Pizza was decent while not memorable. But this would be in my eyes the least of the issue if in presence of average courtesy and good manners.  On the contrary I experienced poor, totally un-polite, un-welcoming and unacceptable service. Sometimes it is still striking to see the lack of politeness basics applied by careless people into some customer facing roles.  Would never go back again even if I had one month free of charge menu :-(
R32    Nice atmospheric place with delicious pizza. Very friendly staff. Highly recommend!
R32    I visit this place every time I am in Tartu. Pizzas are really good and for example pizza of the day & 0.5 liter beer is an economical choice. Now that pizza was just right size and had enough cheese on it. Probably best price/quality near the center.
R32    Rather weak for any franchise. Using only 4 components don’t get you anywhere. No sauce either. Strong dough taste. Waiting 70 minutes for supermarket-quality, sorry. Also more expensive than Kolm Tilli’s, that you should definitely try.
R32    Favourite go-to place. Always have a great experience going there, staff is very friendly and helpful, and coziest atmosphere and place you could find!
R32    One of the best pizza houses of Tartu.....I tried many different places and I must say that Pappa Pizza is above all.....great ingredients and fresh from oven...i also order online and they are super fast and responsive...awesome experience overall👍👍
R32    Realy tasty!
R32    I had a kebabi pizza. It was nice. It is enough hot. Many pizzas contain pineapple, what is weired.
R32    Pizza delicious but size too small and pasta with minced meat is not good at all
R32    Fairly good pizza, but the place is nothing special and I'm pretty sure I got scammed a bit with the voucher I had.
R32    Great pizza, very fresh and delicious. The staff was very friendly.
R32    Cheap and tasty pizza, but right next to the highway, quite noisy.
R32    Very good pizzas with affordable prices.
R32    Pleasant place. Decent pizza!
R32    Nice place! Good food!
R32    Serves delicious "Papa pizza" with peaches.
R32    Best pizza place in Tartu 2017
R32    Nice food and good service
R32    Best capucino in town.
R32    I really liked place and pizzas.
R33    Seriously one of the best meals I had in Estonia.  Simple but delicious!  Location isn’t obvious from the street, but enter on the side of the courthouse.
R33    Simple, cheap, quick and usually delicious. One of the best places in Tartu to get a cheap and cheerful students lunch.
R33    The food is fine, especially considering the super low price. However the customer service leaves a lot to be desired.
R33    Best food (amount and taste) for a very cheap price.
R33    Good valued home taste like foods.
R33    Best price to food quality/quantity ratio in the city
R33    Food was pretty ok and fast.
R33    It's cheap. It's functional. You get what you pay for.
R33    The best place
R33    In the morning
R33    Meenutab 90-ndaid, nii menüü kui interjööri poolest. Omamoodi huvitav, kuid mitte igapäevaseks tarbimiseks.
R33    Nostalginen pieni lounasravintola Tartu Kohtumajan kyljessä. 3,5 eurolla sai aivan täyttävän aterian. Ruoka annostellaan lautaselle, sain lisäksi ottaa salaattia buffetista. Palvelu oli ystävällistä ja onnistui englanniksi. Pieni miinus siitä, että leipää ei ole mutta hinta/laatu on hyvin kohdallaan. Huomioi, että sulkeutuu jo klo 14!
R33    Небольшая кафешка.Помещение  отлично подойдёт для празднования небольшого события,вернее-не очень многочисленного.Закуски-напитки на высоте,так что -без проблем.
R33    Odavaim koht Tartu linnas päevalõuna söömiseks. Hinna/kvaliteedi suhe täiesti paigas. Portsud suured - ideaalne koht koduse sooja toidu austajatele.
R33    Hea, odav ja mõistlik kogus, aga oli väga ülesoolatud kotlet ja värske salat. Proovin siiski veelkord ja vaatan kas oli lihtsalt juhuse asi.
R33    Домашняя кухня,работают с 10 утра,вкусно и недорого!
R33    Прекрасная, не дорогая столовая.
R33    Kõige maitsvaim toit Tartus! 😋😍 Самая вкусная еда в городе! Best food in town!
R33    Ja esi Tartu var droši apmeklēt ir lēti un garšīgi. Porcijas arī ir normāla lieluma.
R33    Lihtne pisike söögikoht. Lihtsad, aga maitsvad toidud, sõbralik teenindus. Taskukohased hinnad.
R34    Good Naples style pizza. Quick & friendly service. Small but sufficient variety. A little too burned edges. Salami & ham pizza half & half was a good choice. The pizza is fresh & tasty. Beer quality is ok, not impressive.
R34    This is the best pizza in Tartu so far that I have eaten. Very delicious dough, perfectly balanced tomato sauce and very fresh ingredients. Mozzarella tastes very good. We have ordered 2 pizzas - one with Prosciutto, other one - Margarita. Well, I didn’t manage to take a picture of full pizzas, on the picture you can see what’s left and I assure you - this last piece will not survive long, it would be eaten soon 😅 Thank you for delicious pizza. Will visit your place soon.
R34    The pizza is Napoli style and very rich. The price of the pizza is average. The interior is quite basic. The craft beers are delicious and go well with the pizza.
R34    After checking the high reviews and looking at the pictures I went to try their  Neapolitan style pizza. Our pizzas were quite different from the Neapolitan style, the frame was not high and the dough was not really grown. Our toppings were quite sour, probably coming from jars with quite much vinegar. I think the dough was the main problem, I felt quite heavy after eating it. Craft beers were good and the service was kind and friendly. As an Italian who loves Neapolitan pizza, the gap is still big from the real one. Next time I'll go for the simple Margherita as it's always a very safe choice, I hope to have a better experience and give them the missing stars.
R34    I like the way they give the pizza. They used some slate rock. Anyway the atmosphere is good, but they might not be able to accommodate if more customers come. Overall the atmosphere is good.  We ordered some fish berry Pizza. The taste is really good.
R34    Visited randomly walking down the street, came in and met the sweetest girl "emma" is her travel name. She told me about the collaboration with a local brewery and I told her what i like to drink and she gave me two good suggestions, I tried both and enjoyed them. The pizza was great, it came out fast and was tasty, I loved the charred crust. Overall a chill spot, I would definitely recommend it. The place seemed busy with the amount of pickups I saw, so that is a great sign. Thank you for your hospitality!
R34    I've not sampled every pizzeria in Tartu, that's for sure, but why embark on such a quest when Ihamaru ticks all the boxes? Excellent pizzas that keep us coming back, at reasonable prices. And the Käbliku beers are excellent, both tap and bottled. Non-alcoholic beverages are also of superb quality. For clement weather, enjoy the outdoor eating area - not a great space, but al fresco anyway!
R34    Good amount of high quality pizza for the price, the spicy pizza wasn't really spicy but it was very tasty. Not a ton of seating but the atmosphere and style of the place is great. The ice cream was also very good, I'm not sure if it was a coincidence or if the staff knew we were a couple, but they added heart shaped sprinkles and that was pretty cute. Can recommend.
R34    I went there for Kablikü beers. The pizzas are tasty and the staff is friendly. I would go again.
R34    A small and simple restaurant concentrating on traditional pizzas and beers of a local brewery Käbliku. Both pizza and beer were splendid.
R34    Pizza was little disappointment maybe the base should have stayed little longer in the oven and the sauce wasn't with any taste
R34    At around 8pm there were about 14 people there, most seemed to be on business meetings. The staff was amazingly gracious, were working hard and fast. Pizza was just delicious, highly recommended. You can watch the whole process of making it right from your table. 10/10
R34    My second time here in two weeks and will be stopping by again before I leave. First off, the staff were extremely friendly. The pizza was delicious, had three different ones and each one of them were very tasty. The beer was fantastic, amazing APA and Session IPA. Didn’t try any lagers, but the hoppier beers were all well done. Highly recommend stopping by for a bite and amazing beer.
R34    Great place with delicious pizza and super friendly staff. We tried the spicy salami pizza and the „Capitale“ pizza, both were really tasty and had a nice fluffy crust. The staff was extremely helpful with choosing drinks. Definitely a must if you visit Tartu and love pizza!
R34    Perfect pizza and craft beer on tap.  The clash playing on the back patio.  Duh.  Eat here!
R34    5 stars for Tartu but 4 stars comparing my other experience with pizza
R34    Very good pizza and beer.
R34    Very good pizzas, dogs allowed, very good stuff. First time eating pizza with caviar, delicious.
R34    Excellent pizza, thank you Risto and Joan (I hope the names are correct) for great service!
R34    Best experience I have.Neapolitane pizza with Estonian mood.Cozy atmosphere  place and good selection of beer!Recomend to all.
R35    I had the Bacon Cheeseburger, and I'm a picky eater, so I got it with mayo and Ketchup only. They do charge for different sauce. It was a 1 euro charge each to get mayo and ketchup for my fries. And they would not add may to the burger. The chef was offended when the server asked. The burger was delicious. I asked for it medium, and it came out Medium Rare. Little under cooked for my usual taste. The burger had onions in the patty that if was cooked to a good medium, they would have been sweet instead of slightly raw crunchy onions. Don't like raw onions, but they were cooked just enough I didn't taste most of them.  The fries were delicious, and we seasoned and crispy. The server was extremely nice and gave me a few recommendations of things to see and try around town. Wish I had more time to try their burger again, but I was only in town half a day with Bryan Adams. We had a show the next day and off to the next city.  The statues and pay toilets are across the street from here.
R35    I loved the atmosphere there and service was kinda quick. Also daily offer is best choice for me because it is the cheapest. Food was kinda meh, beef was little too chewy for me and my stomach felt weird after
R35    Awesome atmosphere, quite a few choices in the menu, delicious food that looks great, and every drink choice is worth trying. I highly recommend this place. If you're not a fan of loud places and live music then I still recommend to return some other time/day/evening as everything else is still worth it.
R35    Well the young man who served us had a great smile, he was prompt, attentive and friendly. The food…well it was awesome and again it was  very prompt service. The food was also superb (pork fillet in red wine and fish and chips) and great value for money. To be honest, the whole experience was faultless. Highly recommended.
R35    The pub has a very unique and cool themed atmosphere. The service was nice although i didn't really enjoy the food. Quite expensive food considering the taste. It was rather bland unfortunately. The beer was good though.
R35    Ordered medium burger. It came rare with unbaked meet. No apologise.
R35    Loved the vibe of the place. Food tasted delicious and it looked more like restaurant serving than pub. Service personnel was fantastic!! I definitely recommend to dine in there.
R35    Very good place with reasonable prices in the middle of the city. Very liked food.
R35    Great location. Tasty food. Nice pub interior. Place to enjoy night and watch football.
R35    Non-alcoholic drinks (Tartu Lemonade and Kali) are popular there and taste pretty good. Nachos was great. Atmosphere very good for friends hangout.
R35    Fine beers and pub food. Great for a quick bite, but probably also to spend some more time…
R35    Fantastic service. Good drinks. Average food.
R35    Fast and friendly service, food is fresh and Tartu.
R35    Food was simple but really tasty.  Comfortable atmosphere. Adults, kids, young people - all enjoyed the experience of being there.
R35    Ristiisa has become Chaplin. Nothing else has changed. Food still delicious.
R35    Good pub food, friendly staff
R35    Absolutely lovely spot. Excellent service and good drinks. Just hope they add negroni to their cocktail menu. :) definitely coming back again some other time.
R35    Nice simple pub with friendly service. Tries to look like a movie themed pub but movie pictures on the walls and some old projectors hanging around don't quite cut it. Menu is simple, portions are a bit small for the price and they should have some more craft beers in the menu as it's mostly Saku and Alecoq.
R35    It's a difficult pub to review, I will admit. What it does, it usually does well enough. What it could achieve, it doesn't try to. So A for effort and D for ambition, try to behave and expect accordingly and You shall not be disappointed. Do manage Your expectations though, key to happiness in many situations ;]
R35    Chaplin is an excellent restaurant that offers a great variety of delicious food. The service is amazing and the staff are very friendly and accommodating. The ambiance is perfect for a romantic evening out or a night with friends. I highly recommend Chaplin to anyone looking for a great dining experience.
R36    Kebab corner is a gem for shaurma lovers! The meat is tender, the flavors are spot on, and the portions are generous. With friendly staff and a cozy atmosphere, it’s the perfect spot for a delicious and satisfying meal. Highly recommended!
R36    This place is crazy good! Trust me, Large Shawarma meal is around 10€, could hardly finish the shwarma cause it was massive (and very good), the sauce they put into the kebabs and onto the fries is ,no joke the best sauce I've ever had on kebab and fries.
R36    Stopped by here on my way back to my hotel. It was quick, the owner was very friendly, and it was great value for the size. I wish there was a little more meat but it was still filled with delicious vegetables and sauce.
R36    Very quick and pleasant cashier /service. Although the food could have a little brighter taste, it may seemed like I wasn't sure what I was eating at a few moments.
R36    Very nice place, the food is always delicious and made with love. The owners are super nice and have a great sense of hospitality. After trying a few of the kebab places around town i can say for sure i will always be coming here, and so should you.
R36    How come so little amount of reviews? Did they just open? Never had such delicious kebab in Estonia to be honest. Don't know about the other stuff on menu but that kebab was the best and the owner is one of the kindest souls I've seen.
R36    🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷The food is very tasty, the employees are very kind and pleasant, the atmosphere is reminiscent of a small Turkey in the center of Tartu. Thanks to my Turkish brothers for the opportunity to enjoy a Turkish delicacy! Highly recommend!🇹🇷🇹🇷🇹🇷
R36    The chicken was absolutely delicous and the location is just perfect to reach. Not to mention the fact you can park easily. The owner himself is one of my favorite foreigners in Estonia.
R36    Very good food for your buck and the service was immaculate
R36    It was delicious, will definitely order again!
R36    The chicken and beef are fresh and delicious, and the flavorful sauces complement them perfectly. Additionally, parking is easily available, which is another positive aspect to note…
R36    I recently had the pleasure of trying kebabs and fries. Overall, this meal was a satisfying and delicious experience, and the staff were friendly, so I would happily recommend this restaurant to others.
R36    As a Turkish, I can definitely suggest this taste. This is the real and the best kebab in Tartu.
R36    Worst wraps in Tartu. Doesn't taste like wrap at all. Very bleh taste and took over 10 minutes.
R36    my food was cold the fires was soggy and the chicken was not tender and fresh. overall didnt like. I hope they improve on it
R36    Very tasty and friendly staff
R36    It's not working anymore, empty kiosk.
R36    Üks parimaid kebabi kohtasi kus olen käinud, väga maitsev ja mahlane toit, ma sõin kebabi tasku mix kebabiga, tsilli kaste oli täpselt paras terav, et anda head mekki aga mitte põletada.
R36    Tulin enne 14, kedagi polnud putkas. Mingi silti ka polnud, kas tasub oodata. Ootasin 20min, keegi ei tulnud. Nii asjad ei peaks käima. Tahtsin esimest korda proovida, ja kohe nii... Häbi
R36    Дуже смачна ,соковита,шаурма. Обовʼязково завітаю ще🙌
R37    Tokumaru is the kind of sushi spot that makes you remember why you fell in love with food in the first place. It’s fast, no-nonsense, and unapologetically good. This isn’t about delicate plating or pretentious omakase experiences. It’s about fresh fish and good seasoned rice. Tokumaru isn’t here to impress you with gimmicks; it’s here to feed you well and send you on your way. It’s the essence of what a great sushi place should be – straightforward, honest, and damn satisfying. If you’re looking for a quick, unpretentious sushi fix, Tokumaru’s your place.
R37    Japanese cuisine seems to be hitting a trend in Estonia and this restaurant offers several options that will likely satisfy both new and regular people who fancies Japanese food.  Food was overall satisfactory, presentation was good, very tidy restaurant and prices are somewhat fair. However, a slight improvement/upgrade on the atmosphere would do nicely.  I recommend it to others!
R37    Ramen was good, spicy and rich. Only problem with this place is that in other side of restaurant there is kids playground. So there will be some noise.
R37    Ordered Shoyu-Ramen and Kimuchi-Ramen with chicken gyoza. Shoyu Ramen reminded me of hospital canteen ramen in Japan but by all means it’s not bad ( I have had way worse than this before), its bit pricey but grateful to have something like this in Tartu. Kimuchi-Ramen lacked salt and after adding some, it was ok. Gyoza was kind of strange from a Japanese perspective as we don’t eat deep fried gyoza in Japan, felt more like Southeast Asia style. Interior design is nice and modern so if you crave something like Ramen with a nice atmosphere, I’d say try it.
R37    Tasty vegetarian options, clean and nice place.
R37    It was very nice place with interesting taste nuances, however last time visiting it was rather average poor quality sushi place. Sushi was rather tasteless, matcha latte was super expensive and tasted like milk mixed with matcha powder. It was very good place now it’s rather meh experience costing 40 eur for a meal for 2. Also I agree with last comments, they seem to be understaffed. It took them long time even to bring menus
R37    Maybe not the coziest interior but they have good quality sushi and really good teas. Service has been always polite.// Have visited more and still good, it is worth to try other dishes too besides sushi. // Many tables have sockets too kn case you need to charge your phone or laptop.
R37    Well priced and tasty Japanese food with traditional seating. They also offer a drink menu including some unique Japanese products. Staff is friendly as well.
R37    The service could be a bit faster but anyway this is the best Japanese food one can find in Tartu or Tallinn (ramen sushi and gyoza just fantastic 😋)
R37    Had salmon sashimi and kimchi ramen. I love that you can get the ramen in small or large because getting the small and the sashimi was perfect. Service was great, waitress was friendly and food came out quick. My only gripe would be that although I enjoyed the ramen, it didn't have much of a kimchi flavor. But I can only imagine kimchi is hard to come by out here.
R37    Tasty Ramen. I would go again to try other things for sure. But tan tan ramen vegan was tasty. Get the small bowl. Big one was really biiiig. Worth it.
R37    ** Edit ** I don't know what's been going on this summer, but the Kaubamaja location has been having problems. They seem understaffed and the wait time for lunch has been over an hour 2X in the past month. The food quality is also really inconsistent and they raised their prices (which is common everywhere, but  coupled with the inconsistencies makes me less happy to pay so much).  I know they just opened in Lõunakeskus, but maybe they need to concentrate on their first location in Tartu as well.  **Original**  One of my favorite restaurants in Tartu. Everything is delicious and reasonably priced. I love the daily Don bowls lunch special they offer during the week. Especially the tofu and avocado one.  The restaurant in general is a great vegan option with the best veggie based ramen I've ever tried. And the sushi is great too. I would be so lost without this place!!! Please never close!!
R37    Lovely place and delicious vegan food :D  (don't miss the vegan coconut ramen this November!!)  I've been going 4-5 times a month for the past year and love it! They have several vegan dishes: one don, three sushi, and one/two ramen options.  I personally recommend the shiitake+avocado maki, the avocado+tofu don with peanut butter sauce, and the coconut ramen they have this month (all vegan of course).  Pleeeease, add the coconut ramen to the menu :D
R37    Got a chicken don and spicy sauce sushi roll. One of the best sushi in Tartu. Definitely worth a visit!
R37    Really tasty ramen, but I expected bigger sushi. Also I waited for food only about 7 minutes. Good place to eat ramen in Tartu
R37    Great vegan options and activities next to the restaurants for kids at easy reach.
R37    Its my favourite Japanese food place! Good food, fast service!
R37    Very good sushi and fast, friendly service. Fried chicken dish with cold rice was OK.
R37    Food quality was decent, although customer service is poor at best. Food is not delivered to the table and the servers ignore you when you look into their eye when leaving. Overall quite cold in that regard.  Also there is no free bread or any other finger food which would be a expected item in Estonia. Small bowl of cabbage was ~5-6€, which could easily be offered free of charge.
R37    Asked not to add sauces that may consist added sugars, but unfortunately this was ignored. It would be much better if the restaurant could inform me that they can’t handle my need/request and I could look for other place, but even this wasn’t done.
R38    You won't leave the place hungry, that's for sure! Great selection of various dishes ranging from quesadillas, tacos, wings, burgers and other main courses. Mainly focused on meat, so not sure if I would recommend it to a vegetarian. :) Dishes were nothing suprising, but still tasty and like homemade. I really enjoyed thay they have board games printed on the tables, so you can wait for the food while playing.
R38    We wait for 1 hour to get food. Texas Ranger was not good at all unfortunately... Juicy burger was good. Salad was ok. But for the time they took to cook food, we expected something excellent. We were totally disappointed. I do not recommend that place unfortunately...
R38    If you are looking for a tasty and filling meal or burgers, then this is the place for you. The prices for main courses are in the 8-20 euro range. The menu has a lot of variety. The atmosphere of the place, although a little cramped, feels quite genuine and made me feel like I was at an American place. Fast and friendly service, had to wait about 30 minutes for my food. Oh, you can also play a board game on your table to pass the time. Highly recommend!
R38    If you want to eat BIG, then this is the place! Burgers were really juicy and big, my recommendation are wings! They were sooooo big and tasty I never expected. Actually all food and snacks were really tasty and worth it. Coctails were tasty as well. Adios coctail is for the tough guys aka Long Island alternative. Stuff despite that there was only one waitress - respect - perfect! Also there is a small place for kids and all tables are with integrated table game to shorten your waiting time. Strongly recommend!
R38    The food was just... Amazing :) Especially dessert. A lot of calories but thats not the problem for me. I clearly reccomended going here. Those guys who give 1 star are just (excuse me ) dumba$$es . Its perfect restaurant to eat with family/friends.
R38    A nice place to eat in the centre of Tartu. They cater for a wide range of tastes and budgets. The food is mostly American influenced, with cowboy style decor. They offer a terrace out the back which can be a nice place to sit and drink in the summer, a little bit away from the busier restaurants for those who prefer a more laid back environment. Staff are lovely and speak both English and Estonian well. Alcohol is served here, with a pretty good selection of beers, spirits and cocktails.
R38    Good service, nice server. The Special Burger of the month was pretty good. Pretty original blend of tastes. Price is not cheap for Estonia, but not outrageous either.
R38    Cool to see, as a southern person... Not authentic, but tasty. I can't say I was a fan of the cucumbers in the tacos or the guac... Or the salsa... But nice attempt. Flautas were more like chimichangas, they were good... Drink specials, well they can't make a margarita, but at least they tried. Nice staff.
R38    Tried this restaurant only at lunch time. Found a lot of local working people went here. The set lunch menu might be the best buy in town. Tasty food & inexpensive.
R38    Decent lunch pasta. Recommended. My colleague had a ceasar salad with a bit lack of taste and originality. Service and prices were nice. Interior was... well, lots of things. Saloon like. Not my favourite type, but good location. Good place to go if you happen to be just near by.
R38    Not best one. First and i think last time. When you take lich there is a free Coffee. But they wont tell. First they tööl money from you. Both are terrible buth free Coffee is little bit better than expesive machine Coffee. But i think its quite popular for local people
R38    Yet another one of those fusion kitchens that fill Tartu. Choice of burgers and Tex-Mex and you would think it's all American but then you get pasta dishes and odd ingredients like sun dried tomatoes in your tacos. I had a beef enchilada where beef was extremely salty and covered in sweet BBQ sauce and a spinach as a garnish(sic!) plus chicken wings which were clearly reheated as the they were very, very dry. My girlfriend had veggie tacos which where just two taco shells with cold mixed salad in them and curry sauce as a side! Curry sauce! Clearly the person working in the kitchen does not know how a taco should taste like. Two stars for nice staff and reasonable prices for the location, otherwise it would be a one star affair. Not going back again.
R38    Best burger I ever had! A reason to stay one more night in Tartu. Good prices and friendly staff
R38    We were here on Sunday at noon so there were not many people. Very friendly personel, delicious burgers, cozy atmosphere. During waiting for our order we played the game pictured on the table, it was very fun. There is kid's corner, so you can rest with all your familly.🙂 Recomend!👍
R38    Thank You Sheriff Saloon! I enjoyed the burrito, chichen wings and the coctails! Great food and nice and cosy place! Will return! 5*
R38    The burgers in this place are excellent. I also love the atmosphere. Geuine sheriff saloon feeling.
R38    It was a nice place with good service and pretty average food. Burgers were good but they did not wow us, the best one was definitely the Next Level. It's located in the old town so the neighbourhood couldn't be better. Also it's not American, they seem to have some sort of Mexican fusion going on as well. American style Mexican I guess. Worth a visit but not a place to keep returning to.
R38    Great tacos! Nice atmosphere.
R38    The wait time was quite long and the staff was good but could be better. I decided to take the cheeseburger and fries. I was really surprised, the fries were pretty good. Also the burger was bigger than I expected and tasted nice. I recommend it to everyone who want a decent meal and a fancy Burger.
R38    Very nice staff and loads of good delicious food!
R39    Classic Caffeine EE experience. Nice coffee, fast service, friendly staff, nice vibe.
R39    Very convenient place for those who are exploring the city centre. Has great quality of service, coffee and other drinks as well as some coctails. Great fast service. Nearby is city centre and beautifull park for a walk with your fresh cup of coffee. In summer time has some seats outside so you can relax while sitting outside. Just watch out for small stairs at the entrance, as I saw a few people trip on them.
R39    Nice little cafe. Part of a chain of caffeine cafes. This one was quiet in the morning and the staff were welcoming and friendly
R39    Very bad service, asked for a frape with coconut syrup. Got a latte with something and coffe mixed in it which i didnt ask for. This might be since of the workers. One cant comunicate, the other one makes wromg drinks. One friends order was forgoten, others were messed up to.
R39    Caffeine on Rüütli street offers a great variety of coffees. I’ve drank a lot of different coffees here and I liked all of them. My personal favorites are iced caramel latte and espresso tonic. The service is super nice as well. Never had a difficulty in ordering, all of the baristas speak English.  My only small criticism is that on hot days they don’t have sufficient ice and some of their smoothies are bland.
R39    One of the best cafes in town. The staff are very friendly and wonderful . The atmosphere is great.
R39    A cosy place to get some coffee and send a few e-mails. Absolutely fantastically friendly and energetic personnel! In addition, they support not wasting food, and offer -50% on their edible products after 19 o'clock. Not to mention they're taking part of Foodsharing Tartu. Respect! Keep it up!
R39    I swear by Caffeine. Their coffee tastes good and the service has been great. I usually get a caramel latte or if I want something stronger yet still sweet, marzipan latte with double espresso. They have several shops in Tartu but I've been visiting the one on Küüni street.
R39    Amazing coffee, good selection of beans they roast themselves. They have brews (v60, chemex, aeropress), all the milk and espresso drinks, and even specialties like frappes and a PSL.
R39    One of my favorites. Their muffins are incredible
R39    @Tartu Caffeine - Not to say anything bad about the quality of the coffee or pastries, those weren't the best, but not the worst either. It's the service that was a let-down. They told us that they can only make coffee after 10min, and asked us to sit down for that time. We did, and instead of actually letting us know that we can order when the time passed, they just took orders from a bunch of people that just came in. Not the end of the world, but it just seemed very rude.
R39    Slightly better coffee then in other Caffeine places (it seems to me). The guy made me precise delicious espresso.
R39    Thought this was only an Estonian based coffee shop chain, but found them also in Latvia, so I guess they are bigger then I initially thought. Coffee is really nice, staff is always in a good mood and willing to help, but my absolute favorite things were the atmosphere there and their cakes/muffins/candies they had. God knows how much money I spent on the chocolate cake.
R39    Wonderfull place to get your coffee. Wery cozy atmosphere. The service is good. You can drink your coffee there, sit and work, or get coffee to go. They have 3 cup sizes and multiple different hot and cold drinks. And even some cookies and cakes. There are some plugs, so you can charge your devices.
R39    Awful staff treatment. They work alone and it feels, like they are about to die. They are not even able to eat properly. 21th century slavery.  Also coffee is garbage here.
R39    Great lemonade. Coffee was okay. The place was chill and also cheap
R39    Wonderful place and wonderful service person. Always smiling and very polite. i like her behaviours pretty much.👏👏👏🏅🏅🏅
R39    Used to have very delicious coffee and chai latte, but nowadays the hot drinks lack flavor and taste very watery.
R39    No cool dudes attending.. they see you entering in the wrong line, instead instruction make fun and attend other people first
R39    A lovely place to stay whenever you have some time to kill. They have really great goffee as well.
R40    Excellent brie and basilicum pie and a very good cake. Also good coffee and overall nice atmosphere.
R40    Soup was cold and unbearable fatty, I felt oil on my lips, coffee was very bitter although I always have it without sugar, but this one was horrible. Very loud music inside, impossible to talk normally or work. Cake is ok. Just thrown away 11 euros.
R40    Alati hea valik menüüs. One place i visit often when in Tartu city. Love the menu & offerings. Good location.
R40    Despite being comfortable place with tasty coffee and fancy cakes, service lives a lot room to improvement :(( Unfortunately, lack of costumer service ALWAYS spoils the whole experience.
R40    Spicy tofu salad was not spicy at all, in fact it did not have any flavor. Just salad leaves, tomatoes, and plain tofu. I paid 10.50€ and left still feeling very hungry. This was my second time eating here and also on the first time I was not satisfied with the vegetarian dish I got. Some of the staff are friendly but did not know anything about the dishes when I asked about what they contained. Almost no vegan options. Would NOT recommend especially for vegans/vegetarians. At least the coffee was good.
R40    Gustav has been my favorite since I was in university 2004. The quality of the cakes been the same good all the time. Lately my favorite cake has been NÕHK.
R40    Ordered a warm chicken salad, it was okay but the chicken was fairly overcooked. Service is ok, no one smiled even once but also wasn’t rude. I recommend only going there for coffee and cake though. For this meals price range there are definitely better places in Tartu.
R40    Centered place for a quick coffee and a piece of cake. They serve both sweet and savoury. Place is packed!
R40    1 glass of tapwater is 1.5€  Cakes are good. Bus asking 1.5€ for tapwater is ridiculous!
R40    All was great apart from food.... Arrived on opening, i.e. for breakfast....sooooo took so called 1) "English Breakfast"...verdict, the only warm stuff was 1 fried egg and tomatoe, can you imagine? Bacon cold, not warm but cold, was it from yesterday, no idea, baked beans, cold, again, not warm, but freezing cold...2) Benedict egg, same stuff...on pictures there are 2 of these, given 1, only thing warm is egg, rest is bloody cold as hell.inculding waffle and bacon most probably from yesterday... Common guys, so write it is cold Estonian breakfast, do not cal it English or whatsovever... In short...were starving and at the end such a dissapointment. Waste of 50eur, though coffeee, atmosphere, waiteres was excellent.  Would I visit again? Definitely .....NO
R40    Salad not fresh, pastries nice and tables dirty.
R40    Realy nice place. Some food are expesive.  Nice services
R40    Amazing tacos with blini style dough. Highly recommended!
R40    Great coffee and very big variety of delicious cakes.
R40    Fast service despite of almost full house. Food was good looking and nice. Portions are small and bit overprized for that quanitity. Interior is modern and nice. It would been nicer experience if tables were cleaner. There were some food stains on them and also on polstered chairs.
R40    Tasty cake and crossiant. Never disappointed me. Cake pops are must try. 😍
R40    Cakes are good , coffee not so good .
R40    I usually get burgers from here which are quite enjoyable - compared to similar places the meat is good and the fries and sauce on the side as well. One of the things that makes me also come back here time and time again are their gastro lemonades - something you usually don't get when going out to drink - my mom tried one of them and was impressed.
R40    Friendly, cozy with large selection of pastries and desserts.
R40    The cafe is stylish and the cakes are delicious. It's location is perfect, right next to Küüni street and next to the central road. The normal meals are enjoyable, but the lunch offers are okay and a bit small.
R41    One of the best bars I've been to in Tartu. Relaxed vibes, great staff and great events. If you want some chill music or concerts that are different from your standard run of the mill bars, then this place is perfect.
R41    Warm and cool staff, spaceous, good vibe. Definitely a place to chill at!
R41    Great cosy place with strong history. Atmospheric backyard with fireplace and benches. Nice and inexpensive drinks. Music was good and the bartender was super helpful and nice.
R41    Nice place to have a drink after dinner. Chill environment. Owner very friendly. Big variety for drinks.
R41    Wonderful warm place with great people enjoying and working in the space. Made our evening
R41    A great good weather bar. The interior seats only a few groups, but they boast a spacious outdoor area on the grass. They serve simple, but modern cocktails. The beer/cider choice is decent at around 20ish different bottled drinks with both classic cheap and expensive options available, plus sometimes a few light beers on tap at their outdoor bar during events. The prices are not too different from other similar places. While crowded, there probably will be some waiting times at the bar, but usually the service is quite quick. They do have small packets of snacks, but no substantial food. Nevertheless, ordering food from other places seems to be okay.  The location is pet-friendly, family-friendly with lots of outdoor space and a variety of board games. They host snow bars during the winter.
R41    It was awesome there! Kids told the cacao drink is so far the best. So far means cacao drinks from almost all possible places in Tartu, and some from Tallinn. The design was beautiful. So overall it is a cool place to drink something outside.
R41    Nice bar, chill atmosphere. Good drinks and fun board games.
R41    Chill vibe to grab a beer/cider outside.
R41    Seriously great neighbourhood bar. Very friendly owners, great drink menu, and fair prices! Happy to spend spring, summer, and fall evenings here relaxing outside.
R41    The most enjoyable and chill new bar in Tartu. The outdoors is spaceous and nice but the small indoors space is also incredibly cosy. Take the time to get acquainted with the owners!
R41    Lovely outdoor bar and garden backyard, reasonable prices and cozy atmosphere.
R41    If you want to visit a good vibe bar where there isn't 1000 people this is the place to be, good music , good people and a lot of room to hang out
R41    Unique and lovely place to chill and relax!
R41    Laid back atmosphere, had loads of fun with friends here.
R41    Cute, almost charming.
R41    An icebar in Tartu !!!
R41    Good place
R41    Prijemne misto s prijemnou atmosferou. Nemeli jsme jidlo, jen piti. Dobre pivo, vino. Celkem drahe nealko pro deti - tvari se levne (asi 2,5 eur Cola), ale je to jen 0.2 dl plechovka.
R41    Super maitsvad kokteilid. Olin üllatunud täitsa :) Kui kòht tühjaks läheb, saab mònusalt toidu kohale woltida/boltida.
R42    There is cafeteria in the building and they offer daily lunch 3.9€,soup 2.2~€ There are Vegetarian options as well. Also you can eat sweet and drink coffee there.
R42    Has nice lecture halls with enough wall sockets. Also a good place to relax between lectures.
R42    Beautiful campus with spacious lecture halls, nice cafe and places to relax during breaks of lectures.
R42    A modern, well taught cozy home for the students of UT.
R42    Tons of smart people in this building ;)
R42    Nice Nice
R42    Awesome
R42    Spacious
R42    Seal on vägagi hea kohvik!
R42    Väga-väga-väga ilus. Eriti seest.
R42    Ilus maja
R42    Paabel building
R43    Such a delightful entrance. Kind staff took great care of us. Fresh homemade lemonades, superb food, fresh sanitair and more then enough space between tables. I can absolutely recommend this restaurant, also with big groups and children. Thumbs up & game on!
R43    We could eat very delicious food in the restaurant!! This was first time to eat shark .It was very good!! we should wait a lot of time if it is not so clouded... But the food was very artistic and staff is friendly. They explained us how to eat and the taste and content.  We could taste local beer in Tartu that has  scared  ravel:)
R43    Great experience. Kind and friendly staff, fresh homemade lemonades and good cocktails. Food was excellent and very well prepared. Definitely worth a visit. When. I return to Tartu, I would visit this place again.
R43    This restaurant serves very tasty original dishes and reasonable alcohol. You can enjoy here because this restaurant is very clean and fashionable space and has good staffs who understand their strength. Their explanation was very what I wanted to know.
R43    Delicious food with lots of delicate flavours. Service was polite and fast. The secluded courtyard was nice. The music was rather annoying but I've yet to encounter a restaurant without it.
R43    Wonderful local food. Waiters will not only serve the food to you but also wax poetic on the ingredients and their origins, which was most enjoyable. The indoor area can be quite crowded in the winter, in the warmer months they also have the outdoor garden area available which is fantastic.
R43    Had a pleasant experience visiting this restaurant. Took a lentil burger and a buttered chicken, house-made root beer and local Tartu lemonade. Although the burger tasted a bit dry due to the fact, it's lentil 😂 burger , we enjoyed the dinner and can recommend this place. Extra point for knowledgeable and friendly staff.
R43    Highly recommend this restaurant 😊 they did everything possible to accommodate my needs for glutene and lactose free dinner ❤️ our client service girl was extremely friendly and compassionate and it was very nicely felt that she is in the right place doing the right thing 👏👍 seems to be very popular place for foreign people 😀
R43    Nice restaurant in Tartu old town. The menu is quite small, but food is fresh and delicious. One can sit both in- and outside. That time when we were there, the restaurant was completely full!
R43    We  received a recommendation to have dinner here from a native Estonian of Tartu. It was situated right across the street from our Lydia Hotel. The restaurant is entered through an alley passageway that has gardening tools hanging on both walls.  Though the restaurant has an indoor dining. On this warm summer nightly we ate late at 8 on a Sunday night in the courtyard. The mushroom risotto, steak tatare and perch filet with polenta were all taste and very typical of Estonian cuisine.  The restaurant serves wine by the glass. The Italian white Sauvignon was perfectly balanced.  I really appreciated the friendly and efficient wait staff.
R43    Beautiful restaurant with delicious food and friendly welcoming staff. One of the best meals I had in Estonia.
R43    Relaxed ambience and good services. I trusted the menu is changed constantly. The choices of the menu are limited, but is good and hearty. Recommended.
R43    Food and cocktails were great, very cosy place and super friendly staff. I took schnitzel and Pepe’s negroni, both were very tasty.
R43    One of the best fish I have ever eaten in my life. Not only that, the place itself and the staff are really really nice. A must in Tartu.
R43    Nice cozy restaurant. In lunch meat option wasnt good, take veggies instead.
R43    Food and service are good.  Bottle water is over priced.  0.7L for 5 euro
R43    The food was tasty but average! The bistro itself looks nice.
R43    Good wine selection, average food (let’s say meatballs were okay, but I also tried risotto and it didn't taste good)
R43    Very nice place in Tartu city center. Cozy atmosphere with fireplace and piano, friendly staff, tasty Italian food and homemade limoncello
R43    Perfect environment for dinner, excellent food and good service.
R44    Nice local pub with a good beer selection. It has a good atmosphere with outdoor seating when the weather allows. The locals are friendly and I had a few random conversations with people. I had a great evening out. I would go again.
R44    An excellent bar. Friendly crowd. Cold beers. Welcoming staff. Easily the best spot in Tartu.
R44    Lovely, friendly place! Everybody almost knows everyone so you will feel that neighbourhood vibes right off … and nice variety of whiskeys surprised me.
R44    More than a bar. A community. Not a commercial place at all. Amazing people, perfect service, the cheapest and the best Alexander beer in the town:) Also, they have snacks + pizza.
R44    Very different bar from what you are used to have in the city center. It has its own culture or rather sub culture. Really great place to chat with local folks and some art geeks that are roaming around. Good beer good interior very good staff. And big plus was you don’t need to be bothered by the mosqitoes that much cause the staff always have repelent hidden somewhere. Really great place to visit  in Tartu. Also there are couple good looking murals around. Go and find them!
R44    One of the best bars in Tartu. Recommend for nice atmosphere and enjoyable drinks. Lovely staff!
R44    I have been visiting Tartu since 2013 and been in different bars. I never felt the connection to any of these places. This year 2023, I went to Barlova for the 1st time. I loved the atmosphere, the vibe, the music, the place it self and the people there. I felt I’m part of the place. Then went again and again tell it became my favorite Bar. Very much recommended specially for foreigners and tourists. Thanks people of Barlova.
R44    This is honestly a local hidden gem! A true neighborhood bar that always has wonderful energy and makes you feel like at home, regardless if you live in Karlova, Tartu or anywhere else in the world. This is a must visit for all tourists excited to experience Tartu as a local ❤️
R44    Relaxed bar in a beautiful district in Tartu. The staff is friendly and they offer the cheapest drinks in Tartu over a large menu. It can get very crowded in summer evenings and very hot inside. Also note that they tend to close early most nights at random so don’t expect to stay here until closing.
R44    Loved the ambiance and beer. The stuff is friendly
R44    Love the bar staff... Very chilled vibes
R44    I have been following this place on social media for a long time. Thought the place is super cool. When I visited, I realized it is not the case. The bar is super shady and dirty. The owner is pro-putinist. I do not recommend.
R44    I'm extremely disheartened to discover that the proprietor of this establishment backs Putin's regime responsible for genocidal actions. While I acknowledge that as an Italian, he may harbor a particular fondness for fascism, such sentiments are not tolerable within the context of Estonia.
R44    Very disappointed to learn that the owner of this bar supports a genocidal regime. I understand that as an Italian, he might have a certain nostalgia for fascism, but that's not acceptable in Estonia.
R44    This place doesn't really need reviews - I've you've ever passed by you know how great the atmosphere is there and that if you end up there you're very likely gonna have a good time. From the service (people working there are super friendly and overall set the bar for good vibes), to selection of beers, to the live music, this place is a must go if you're in Tartu for an evening.
R44    Great! The service was good, you could get drinks that are a bit different from the usual selection. There were a few board games available. It's all very much like someone's home. It's a bit shabby but that just adds to the charm. And the people! The people in there were the best - the visitors, the guys and girls in the bar. It really is the best place to go if you want to have a fun night out.
R44    Lovely Italian-flavored neighborhood bar. Recommended when in Tartu.
R44    One of the nicest places in Tartu, staff are super friendly as well.
R44    The most cozy bar in Tartu and may be in Estonia!!!
R44    Excellent music, will definitely visit again. This night there was live music, a Finnish musician was playing and he was damn good.
R27    I really enjoyed my stay (3 nights) in this beautiful hotel. I had asked for a peaceful room and I really got it! I slept so well in my room after exhausting conference days. Location of the hotel was perfect (opposite the stunning university main building). Staff was very polite and friendly, and breakfast in the cosy cellar restaurant was very delicious . This time this was a business trip but Antonius hotel would be perfect for a romantic stay for couples. I'll keep this in mind.
R27    Excellent service, very clean, silent and cosy boutique hotel.  Good sleep in high quality beds.  Central location next to Tartu university, everything reachable in close proximity, walking distance. High quality restaurant for breakfast and dinner.
R27    A special place, classic style, very cozy and relaxing. The food is delicious, the breakfast is plentiful and varied. I would only recommend that the staff advise guests that breakfast must be ordered separately. The rooms are spacious and tastefully furnished. The staff is helpful, helped to arrange my personal affairs and requests.
R27    Opposite Tartu’s impressive university this comfortable boutique hotel is the perfect place to visit this lively and historic city.||The hotel itself is very nice- welcoming and comfortable, its rooms spacious, well equipped and full of character and its catering delicious. ||Sadly, the restaurant for dinner was not open that night- a great pity as the menu looked delicious.||Highly recommended.
R27    With wife we have stayed in all hotels of Tartu. Some hotels 3 times until we occasionally booked first time our theatre packet into hotel Antonius. Now 6-7 years have passed and we have stopped in Antonius 7-8 times already. We have there some favourite rooms to stay, which we ask when booking. All rooms are different and there certainly is  room for every taste. Plus very kind and helpful staff.
R27    The Antonius Hotel in Tartu must rate as one of the most exceptional hotels I have ever stayed in.  First of all, I was struck by the fact that as soon as I arrived on 11 October, they gave me not just an upgrade, but a *super*-upgrade, the likes of which I have never before experienced!  The room was huge and furnished with lavish drapes and period furniture fit for royalty.  Secondly, the buffet breakfast was exquisite, in particular the apple strudel, croissants, various jams, cheesecake, and fruit salads.  In my view, they must have employed an expert pastry chef to achieve that kind of culinary excellence.  Thirdly, the staff at reception were friendly, cheerful and helpful.  I would like to commend in particular one young lady named Vanessa, who went out of her way to be helpful - even stepping out into the cold one day to show us the way to a particular site.  If I ever find myself in Tartu again, I would elect to stay at the Antonius in a heartbeat.  Calling it 'five-star' is inadequate in my view:  I would rate it a *seven*-star hotel if I were given the option to do so!  Many thanks to all the wonderful staff there for making our stay a sheer delight!
R27    Stayed in double on first/ground floor and had plenty of room, same in the bathroom with shower, large bathtub and nice tiling. ||A bit disappointed by the breakfast served in the ( historic) basement even though summer terrace was open... not the best breakfast buffet during my one week stay ||
R27    The hotel is in Old Town Riga near the central square. The rooms are lovely, the breakfast was excellent, and the staff were helpful. Highly recommended.
R27    Very good location, clean, big rooms and comfortable bed. Also very good and healthy breakfast. Thank you for pleasant stay.
R27    We liked it alot. Very proffessional and nice service in the resto. Also we like very much the suite!
R27    marvelous rooms and services, very good location in the historical center of Tartu, we also enjoyed dining outside on the "terrace"
R27    We booked one of the suites and it was a beautiful room, AC worked well, gigantic bed. Service was mediocre. Breakfast was good, not great.
R27    Good hotel with good quality. Took the suite one where I was like in a fairytale. So, I certainly recommend y’all stay here!
R27    Luxury boutique hotel in a perfect location right in the city center. Very friendly staff makes one feeling like home. Breakfast and dinner was very good and worth every euro spent! Rooms do have all needed equipment and are quiet and cosy. We will definitely visit again!
R27    Stepping into Hotel Antonius’ cosy reception we were welcomed by Adele. She kindly explained all the details about our stay and said the she has prepared us a special room. We had booked Superior room (it’s their so-called lowest category) and we stayed at room 104, which is actually a Superior room. Stepping into the room we did not quite understand, what may be so special about it. But then we discovered an enormous bathroom, with shower and bathtub. It was as big as the room itself. It was a masterpiece and we could not stop thinking about the fact, that our future home should have the same kind of bathroom. We loved it!  Again, the bed was as comfy as it is always and view to the courtyard saved us precious sleep time. Hotel Antonius is located in the middle of old town, so it is totally understandable, that there might be some cheerful noise coming in the room at the middle of the night, but the courtyard view saved us from that small trouble. In addition, we had our dog with us and she was welcomed with huge bag full of sachets filled with treats and food. At the morning we were welcomed by Kristelle who served us with waitresses the best scrambled eggs and pancakes in Tartu. They are indeed the best, I promise. I can not pass by the fact, that hotel was nice and cool. These summer days have been too hot these days and we and our dog enjoyed working AC to the fullest. Thank You, team Antonius, for treating us so well! Until the next time!
R27    Fantastic. Room 102 is beautiful. Service excellent. Breakfast excellent
R27    Great room, friendly & helpful staff. Perfect location.
R27    My second visit to Antonius was as pleasant as the first one. The personnel are always friendly and helpful.  The deluxe room was spacious and beautiful. I wished to have a bathtub in my room, and so I did. But there was a separate shower, too.  The beautiful wooden floor is warm and doesn't really need the old carpet at all, in my opinion. (Bed covers are a problem in most hotels, because they are not washed often enough.)  A slight minus goes to the breakfast buffet table. It could be attended to more carefully and more often. Poached eggs' dish to be ordered separately is delicious.  You can enjoy fine dining at Antonius.
R27    Been there few times and like it. Things which stand out: 1. Romantic atmosphere 2. Good bedware 3. Good breakfast 4. Silence I recommend if you care of any these items. Parking is a bit tough but not impossible. Also location in very center of Tartu old town if argument for some.
R27    Very very satisfied with Antonius hotel. Very very good location (opposite of Tartu University) High level of service. Very very helpful staff. A la Carte breakfast and sparkling wine 🧑‍🍳🧑‍🍳. Highly recommended
R45    Great good and Central location! We sat outside, warm evening weather, nice atmosphere. The food we ordered was really delicious and was served quickly, in 20min. Kilkenny beer was tasty as usual. Service Lady was also helpful with good customer service.
R45    I have been here many times, and have enjoyed it, except today, 4th of September, 2024. A middle aged female waitress came to our table and very rudely took our order, as if she did not care about her job. She always appeared to be in a rush to leave while we were ordering. One of my friends ordered a club sandwich, but misspoke the name of the dish, which supposedly irritated the waitress, who became increasingly more impatient. While my friend was thinking of a drink to order, the waitress reached her limit of impatience and decided to leave our table without saying a word to any of us before running back into the restaurant. Following this event, we decided to take spend our money elsewhere and we left, because this kind of service at a respectable restaurant in Tartu Old Town is simply unacceptable.  I have been to Irish Embassy Pub multiple times and everything has been just fine, but this time the server simply did not care about her customers, so I simply decided to leave. We took our business elsewhere and were satisfied with the alternative options in Tartu. I highly implore that the management of The Irish Embassy Pub look into this.
R45    Nice pub right on the town hall square with a decent choice of drinks and food. Fish and chips was ace and the Guinness not too expensive. The waiting staff work their arses off and deserve every penny they get in wages and tips. Spent a good chunk of time there both nights I was in Tartu.
R45    That's a nice place, right in the Town Hall square with good drink options, a lot of ciders. The blond lady staff was kind of out of mood, she needs to smile more.
R45    Positives - great location and some Irish beers from the tap.  Hard to find a worse representation of fish and chips (soggy fillet with next to no breading and cold sweet potato fries???). Burger and appetizers were just okay for pub food.  Mains arrived before appetizers. The table we sat in was reserved but the sign had flown away as it is just a paper thingy. We were not notified of the reservation so the whole experience was rushed once the waiter found the reservation sign on the floor.  Please invest in better reserved signs and more waiters. It was during summertime at Tartu 2024 and Rally Estonia - should not have been a surprise that it was going to be busy that evening.
R45    We only had drinks that were OK and reasonably priced for the Baltics. I had a pint of local beer, and my partner had 200ml of white wine. 13 euros for the two. Done out like other Irish pubs in the Baltics.  You can smoke outside on the tables by the windows.
R45    I am writing to express my disappointment with the service I received during my visit on 4-09-2024 at around 8:30 pm at Irish pub  From the moment we were served, the attitude of the staff was unacceptable. The server literally threw our drinks and food onto the table, showing a complete lack of respect or care. This behavior was shocking and left us feeling very uncomfortable. We were so dissatisfied that we decided to leave our meals in between and requested the bill immediately.  When the bill was brought, the server did not acknowledge our dissatisfaction, nor did they offer any apologies or attempt to make amends. The lack of basic courtesy and professionalism was extremely disappointing and  Server did not gave any acknowledgment for the payment, she just ran away after the payment, this bad experience has spoiled what should have been an enjoyable evening.
R45    Great place for the Irish pint of guineas...wow !!! With an Estonian blessin to. FANTASYIC....XXX GOD BLEDS U GOOGLE show them the way !!
R45    Good views on the main square so a great place to sit and watch Tartu in action. Prices were reasonable and portions were ok. Service was friendly and pretty efficient.
R45    The owner is so salty.. she just looks angry at everybody for some reason. The garlic bread matched her character being just as salty. The rest of the food was very greasy and mediocre
R45    Guinness with a thinn flavor and almost look through...☹️ Last time it was great
R45    The pub is located in the center of Tartu. There is a large selection of beers. The food tastes OK. It fills you up, but it's nothing special. The service was not particularly polite.
R45    Good beer, nice and relaxed atmosphere  Effective and kind service by the young waiters despite the place was pretty full.
R45    Service was really very bad ... they just throw food on our table. Not satisfied with their hosting and explanation about food and drinks . After payment, the waitress ran away without giving confirmation and receipts. Will not go their again, never ever .
R45    You are really an unfortunate soul if you happen to eat there. The first time time we visited we ordered a sheppard's pie which was still cold inside...I guess the microwave did'nt do the trick. We gave them a second chance and went back. This time we ordered a fish dish which was paired with a salad and a lemon slice..the lemon slice still had the sticker from the shop which would mean they did not even wash the lemon slice. We pointed this out to the staff, but they just shrugged their shoulders. There are many good dining places in Tartu, but unfortunaley this is not one of them.
R45    Nice place to have a dish and beer. Good service, friendly atmosphere. At each corner TV with sport channels.
R45    Have been here so far 2 times. Nice staff, snacks compared to similar places are nicer and good prices for beer. You also get to listen to an Irish radio, and watch sports.
R45    Food is a bit too simple, selection of draft beers modest, location good though.
R45    2 ⭐️ just because they have my favourite cider on täp
R45    The service was nice and food was also good. I had borch soup and it was quite greasy but other than that tasty and the portion was big.
R46    Fine dinning??? This is the worst food ever! They serve uncooked, falling apart and smelly meetballs for the kids (impossible to eat!) then bring another three burnt balls in a small bowl to replace this...  Ceasar salad means a few leaves with tasteless, dry chicken thrown on a plate. And bread basket that is at least a day old... All this after saying you will have to wait for at least 40min. because our kitchen just restarting... Maybe first thing would be to say the truth and don't take your client for a fool!!! This all means having waited and with empty stomachs we ended in a pub which after this was amazing!
R46    Service was good, location good, food tasted BAD and was too expensive. On the picture beef tartar. There is a reason why it is hidden under fries. Felt sorry to pay for this.
R46    We ordered a seafood pasta but there were 4 prawns and that was all.
R46    Stay away, absolutely not recommended.  A kids' meal is chicken schnitzel with mashed potatoes. We asked if we could get it with fries instead. The waitress said yes. The food arrived with mashed potatoes. When we mentioned that we had ordered it with fries, the waitress said that unfortunately, there were no fries available at the moment. One minute later, she brought us a burger with fries. We also saw orders from other guests that included fries.  The burger did not taste good at all. Overall, the food is absolutely overpriced, especially considering the quality. I don't know how the other restaurants on the street are, but you should definitely avoid this one
R46    We heard a lot about the place on TripAdvisor. However when we went on 25th June. There was some issue with the chefs it seems. The waiters were nice and bringing out the booze drinks all in time. How we the whole place was waiting for food. We had to wait for more then an hour to get our food. Food was overall average. Maybe one of those days when they were running short on chefs ? The waiter told they had two chefs today. But she mentioned that the food will come. Anyways overall an average experience we had. Hope to have a good one when we come next.
R46    Very friendly staff and nice playground for kids. These are positives. But the salmon I ordered (around 15€) was way too small for the price, especially for Tartu. It was a bit tasteless also. Luckily the sides were good, but the Salmon piece should be at least twice the size. Photo is attached.
R46    Beef was very overcooked and dry in the pasta(told the waiter who said that it should be medium, took it back to the kitchen, who sent it back to me with words that beef should be overcooked in the pasta), salt shaker got lost in the kitchen, pasta was sweet, missing salt. Salmon was overcooked. Service was great. Terrace is nice in the summer.
R46    The food was nice. However, the experience was awful. We wanted to order a gluten-free option due to celiac disease, although they assured us that the food was gluten-free. It was not. The rest of the food was tasty but very expensive. The floor outside is really unstable. Every time the waiter walked by the whole table would shake. Cannot recommend!
R46    It was very disappointing. The burger meat was overcooked. The bottom patty was very dry, it crumbled in my hands, I had to eat it with a fork and knife. And the fries, why are there 2 types of fries? Straight and Crinkle, did they run out of one type? Clearly a cheap frozen variety....  I had a better meal at Hessburger and it was way cheaper. How could you do this to tourists?over charge us and give us a terrible meal. Its written on the menu you are getting Estonian meat, as if it's a way to tell you it's part of the genuine cuisine. At least the server was pleasant and helpful. I would not recommend!
R46    Nice patio on main Street.  The positives end there! 5 dumplings = $12.  They were bland and the sauce (sour cream) didn't help at all.  The "chicken wok with noodles"  was equally as uneventful.  The peanut sauce was overwhelming. I would NOT recommend either dish!  A Gin martini was delivered warm with a lemon slice floating in it even though the menu mentioned an olive.  We were charged $3 for "tap water".
R46    I asked for flat white which was not in the menu. The waiters kindly said they can make it. However, at the end they charged for two seperate coffee without informing in advance. The place is nice but I found this attitude very unethical.
R46    The place was chosen by my colleague. I took two starters instead of the main dish. These were tasty. For a lunch a bit pricey.
R46    Beautiful and spacious interior, polite staff and delicious beer pasta, 100 recommend.
R46    Truffe isn't the same as it used to. Ordered a beef pasta, to be honest I make it better at home - disappointment. Ordered 2 glasses of wine but got bo any description about the wine - when it costs quite a lot you expect some description and recommendations about the wine. Service was unfriendly. Overall disappointing.
R46    I am extremely disappointed with the service provided there. We went for lunch but received no warm greetings or welcoming service upon arrival. After waiting for 20 minutes, we had to call the waiter to request a menu. Subsequently, we waited for nearly an hour for our food, which unfortunately never arrived. During the wait, we approached a waitress to inquire about the status of our order, but she never returned with an update. Ultimately, we only received our ice coffee, paid for it, and left. This experience left us feeling very disappointed.
R46    In my opinion – overpriced. Well I know, that I am not a professional chef or no food critic, but I didn't like my food at all. I had to wait for it ~30 minutes and it was just dissapointment. I don't recommend going there with children – too fancy foods and ingridients that children don't like.
R46    They sold me caffeinated coffee when I asked for decaf. I suspected the error so I asked twice. They confirmed I got decaf. I later had health issues. For such an overpriced coffee that is just unacceptable
R46    Nice environment and friendly staffs. Foods were delicious and rich flavors. Price is slightly higher but for the food options that’s consider okay because the menu is interesting.
R46    Nice service. Burger was very good and interesting desert brule. Thank you!
R46    Overpriced, disappointing dinner. Fish was so overcooked it was hard to swallow. Food was barely handwarm when served. Service was cold. Strong smell of sewer in the toilet. Overall bad experience.
R47    This is a rather expensive restaurant. The quality of the food was ok and tasted good but not worth the price I'd say. (I'm not much of a food critic so take it as you will) The cocktail was really expensive but tasted great (I'd still say overpriced).
R47    Fantastic service!!♡ Really great atmosfääri and warm hospitality. Looking forward to some live music in the spring...Easter time. They were my favoriit place for halloween 2023. Well done guys xxx
R47    A pub and restaurant located in a basement hall right in Town Hall Square. They served a number of beers and ciders on tap, and made a pretty nice pork tenderloin.
R47    Great food with generous portions!!! We had both cream and broth based salmon soups and they were absolutely the best. Pork as a main course was absolutely delicious as well. Chicken was ok. Only negative - their chairs were really uncomfortable.
R47    Good service, all four meals were good too. Very good selection of beers.
R47    Not just a pub. The beef burger and goat cheese salad were bith great! And french fries were wery nicely done. Polite staff.
R47    Varied menu, popular and many customers.  The food was good.  The waiter was friendly.
R47    Perfekt menu of the day,the service was spot on.
R47    Quick lunch at the terrace. Food was good and service was quick and friendly. Soup was pretty good and veggies fresh. Bill was just 10 euros😀👍👍 A good view to the raekoja plats ie Town Hall Square.
R47    Really delicious food, especially if you take from the charcoal oven selection - this oven gives a really interesting extra taste to meat. The staff could improve service quality a bit - yesterday we were waiting for the waitress to come and offer the bill but after 15 minutes of waiting we went to pay by the counter and there was 1 girl who was serving another table but two who were just sitting on the floor and chatting....
R47    Excellent food, fast service, nice cosy and casual. Best duck dish I've had. Good sized portions.
R47    Although service was good and atmosphere not bad the food was average (we ordered a salad, grilled meat and fries). Fries were good, but grilled meat dish was way too small and dry. Salad was ok. If it would have been a bit cheaper, I'd give 4 stars, but for the price I hoped for more.
R47    Great location, easy to find. Cozy place to dine with friends. I have never been disappointed! Best customer service and good looking, very tasty food. Reasonable prices for big amount of food. Would definitely reccomend
R47    The interior of the pub is focused to be just another soccer pub, although the quotes on the walls are a tasteful addition. The menu is surprisingly broad, and the service is quick enough. A lovely place to pop by. Would recommend the jalapeno chicken burger with sweet potato fries. The chicken is juicy but not undercooked, and the jalapeno mayo isn't aggressively spicy. Tastes great! Love that they are now also offering non-alcoholic beer (Fassbrause).
R47    Pretty okey food. The staff looked a bit tired.
R47    I'm being generous in my 5 stars since I'm only drinking. I can comment on the fact that everyone around me is enjoying what looks like nice portions and fresh hot food at decent prices. I'd come back.
R47    The food is normal but unspectacular. There is little meat in the pulled pork burger.
R47    Love this place! Sports show is on TV screens, but atmosphere is always great. Food is even better! Highly recommended: Pork Tenderloin in a Mustard Glaze prepared in BBQ- Coal Oven with Pumpkin and Potato Puree and Chanterelle Sauce
R47    the waitress seemed to confuse lactose and gluten. so if you have any food allergies, be sure you understand eachother completely. but otherwise it was a nice experience and the staff was really nice and food was delicious
R47    The staff was friendly and courteous. The drink selection was well sorted and the beer tasted really good. However, it was a different story with the food. My plate looked ghastly. Just as if the vet had used it to dispose of the afterbirth of a rather large animal. The taste wasn't very good either. Even after more than an hour, I still have an oily, rancid aftertaste in my mouth that won't go away.
R48    Lovely coffee and pastry! Chill and relaxing ambience inside the Cafe. And the staff was very friendly.
R48    Location is excellent.  Decent food. Nothing fancy.  Awesome lattes!  Nice atmosphere.
R48    The interior is nice. Many drawings are exposed on the walls. It is a quiet place. The food is Ok - not extreamly tasty, but not bad. The prices are low, but the portions are not big.
R48    They offer cheap daily Lunch but not vegan or vegetarian. The sweets are nice. Stuffs speak English.
R48    Very slow customer service. Asked for a menu on the bar and no one told us that there is no milk so half of the menu like pancakes and omelettes was not available.
R48    The service is awfully slow. Used to have a great choice of cakes - present day not so much. Find another place.
R48    Extremely unpleasant place. They’re playing pop music on the whole street without the consent of other cafes nearby. Awful coffee.
R48    Tourist trap, don’t bother. Probably the worst dining experience whilst visiting the city!
R48    Nice service but quality of food is not always the same. However, cakes are quite good.
R48    Cozy place but savoury dishes sound boring. Definitely better for sweets and coffee.
R48    Cheap prices but you need to check cake freshness. Got day or two old cake.
R48    Small sometimes busy, sometimes intimate but always friendly.... Open late for alcohol.
R48    15 min to get service followed by leaving after 20 min no food...and it was soup we ordered. Avoid!
R48    Service was excellent, Fresh ginger tea and honey with incredible cake!
R48    A nice and less crowdy cafe with the longer working times than the other ones nearby
R48    Friendly staff and good daily specials. I come here at least once a week
R48    Lovely place! Friendly stuff. Dog friendly cafe 🐶❤️
R48    Romantic place to drink some vine and listen to live bands
R48    Lovely place with very good service.
R48    Best place for coffee in town! Friendly and professional staff!
R49    We were lucky to find this place for lunch. There are a million dishes you can get and even half-half combinations, like I did when I got sweet & sour chicken and mixed (chicken, prawn, vegetables) noodles. Also tried the potato and cheese kulcha, paid just €13, prices are really good. Great service from the cute young lady as well. Would visit again if I'm in Tartu.
R49    Well located restaurant on the Main Street. Very polite and helpful customer service; food came quickly. Tikka Masala and Lamb Masala portions were very tasty and deliciously spicy enough - like Indian food should be! Points there! Restaurant itself is very basic inside, not a place to hang around long. But the main thing, FOOD, is great.
R49    A really nice spot, with good food. The daily menu is also cheap while the portions are quite filling. The food was 👌.  The service is fast and the atmosphere is differebt in different ends a little. The table by the window has a view to the street with brighter area, but the table to the end is moodier.
R49    Hi, this is "Spicy Squid Lady" leaving a review:) Just a little joke for starters - I have been ordering takeaway from this place for the last 2 years or so and I just love how kindly the restaurant always makes my dishes a bit spicier on request. The ingredients are always good, the whole family loves the takeaway. Would really recommend to anyone in Tartu - one of the more authentic restaurants in town.
R49    We were very disappointed by the food here, unfortunately, we had two vegetarian dishes and they both had very little flavor and the paneer tastes more like tofu than cheese. Maybe an off day for the kitchen? The atmosphere is nice.
R49    Stopped here for lunch. The samosas were delicious and the Hong Kong chicken was good. The chicken was saucy and I wish I knew that so I could have ordered naan or rice with it. I'd go back and try other dishes though too. Prices were nice and service was good.
R49    Mandala is a Nepalese restaurant serving primarily food mostly similar to Indian cuisine. It's located right in the middle of the Old Town. The food was good and well priced. The roti are huge and crispy- not good for grabbing food but tastier that way. The mango lassi is good - almost too thick to suck up through a straw. They give you a very large quantity of the [very long grain] basmati rice that comes with each dish. It was actually too much.
R49    Wow, that was delicious! I ordered the kadai paneer thali/plate that came with a creamy paneer curry (spicy!), rice, yogurt, and flatbread. It exceeded my expectations and I ate every last bit on the plate. It was rich and flavorful without being overly creamy. I would say it was quite spicy, which I liked, but may be too spicy for those who don't like spicy foods. Service was fast, and the price was great - just €9.5 (as of July 2023).
R49    The sets from the top of the menu are quite large for the price. The lamb was a bit too gamey and strong tasting but was nicely cooked.
R49    Lovely place and lovely food. You get big portions for thali and the attendant was very kind. Great location right on the heart of Tartu next to townhall and very cheap prices.
R49    Nice Nepalese restaurant in the very center of Tartu, just a few steps from Raekoja plats. I got the chicken tikka masala with naan bread. The tikka masala did not impress me but it was ok (-2 stars), on the other side the naan was freshly made and it was pretty good. The service was nice and the waitress was kind. I'll visit again next time I'll be in Tartu and I'll try different main dishes. I'm looking forward to be impressed the next times and give them the missing stars.
R49    I paid E10 for soup and a shot of whisky. The whisky was ok the soup wasn't
R49    Food was nice. No spices added like chillies etc at all but still nicely prepared with hot sauces.
R49    Really kind staff, great tasty food. I’d recommend the Yellow Chicken Curry and Haryo Paryo Chicken. Naan is huge and quite tasty as well!
R49    Just had a great meal here for two. The starters were great plus my chicken tikka masala was very tasty. Also a huge naan bread which we couldn’t finish. Exceptional dining experience with great staff.
R49    Really good. I’m glad that three peppers 🌶 🌶🌶 foods are really spicy. 🤪 take the butter naan, its the biggest butter naan in the city 👌🏻
R49    This was actually the best Indian Food I ever had. It took a while (around 30 minutes) but it was definitely worth it. We couldn’t finish everything. I would recommend to share one dish at first but at least that everyone order something different. That way you can try more of the over 100 options.  I ordered Dal Masala and it was fantastic. The Mango lassi is also delicious.
R49    Dropped in for a bite after a late check in, and on a super cold night. Ordered the lamb set, and oh my, its super delish! Well flavoured, rich with spices and not overly hot. It's piping hot and good really well with the Steamed basmati white rice. Just the right combo on a chilly night in Tartu! Will definitely return again.
R49    We enjoyed this place very much. Food is really cheap and good. Waiter forgot about our noodle order, but that saved us. We had pork and beef and ordered rice for both. We almost had to roll out :D
R49    We visited here when it was very busy in Tartu due to European triathlon events. Admittedly this restaurant only seemed to have 2 couples dining aside from our party of 4. Took us a few minutes to be acknowledged and given menus. Then it took 15-20 for our order to be taken. The chef came out to discuss my peanut allergy with me (he was lovely and accommodating), as the waitress didn't understand what I was explaining.  Food came out slow - my in laws meals came out and my husband and I waited  10 mins for ours, by which time they had almost finished eating! Food was absolutely gorgeous though, loss of a star comes for poor communication regarding wait times and slow service thereafter.  I recommend the masarla lamb
R50    Best fast food Kebab in Tartu, and I've tasted them all many times to find the best one! Suggestion - take mixed kebab.
R50    If you wanna experience  some delicious kebab, don't miss out this affordable restaurant in turu. For kebab lover Beautiful ambiance And excellence food qwality Best kebab in tartu
R50    It's new place, at least in current location. Great pit stop while driving through city. Their most strongest features are speed and authentic kebab taste. Prices are average, drink selection is usual - they really had chance to stand out. There's almost always parking spots available for cars and  larger vans. Overall location offers great access. Depending on worker service language experience may vary.
R50    The Kebabs are extremely delicious. I am from India and was on business trip to Tartu and the taste of the kebabs fascinated me so much that I went to eat at this place every day until I stayed in Tartu. I suggest every one should taste the kebabs at this shop.
R50    Good fast food 👍
R50    I love the kebabs here. A best place for Indians who like spicy food
R50    Very tasty kebab. Kindly serving.
R50    Super good,very friendly stuff
R50    No vegeterian option, but service was good!
R50    Good food quick
R50    Best
R50    Great place
R50    Tellisin kaasa 2 kebab boxi, ühe tavalise ja teise ekstra lihaga (1,5 eurot kallim). Kodus kaaludes oli ekstra lihaga box ainult 40 grammi raskem (vastavalt 480g ja 520g). Äkki teeksite kuidagi teistmoodi?
R50    Kiirtoidu koht koos suurepärase maitsega. Minu maitsemeeled peavad seda üheks parimaks kebabi kohaks Tartus. teenindajad leti taga muhedaid ja viisakad. Koht ise puhas ja piisavalt ruumikas, et ka sees süüa.
R50    Viimase aja parim leid
R50    Parim kebab linnas!
R50    Maitse üle ei vaielda - lihtne karbitäis kartulit, kebabi ning kastet, aga minu jaoks piisavalt hea. Lisaks kiire teenidus. Ostan aegajalt ka tulevikus.
R50    Mukava paikka,hyvä palvelu.
R50    Персонал вежливый, качество обслуживания отличное,быстро готовят , спасибо за вкусный кебаб) Вы лучшие ребята! Рекомендую всем )))
R51    Very friendly service for family of five and the food was excellent and affordable. Strong recommendations!
R51    The stuff was SUPER nice, they kindly modified the dishes for us! Some of the best food we've had in Tartu Vegan friendly, absolutely recommended ❤️❤️
R51    The wok was perfect, I've not had crispy chichen this good in a long time! We ordered delivery so I can't say anything about the atmosphere, but everything was delicious. The only thing was that the onions I ordered extra were not finely chopped at all and not separated well.
R51    I ordered 2 honey chicken wok plates from WOK STOP and I gotta say that it was REAAAALLY mediocre.. the noodles seemed like rollton noodles and the chicken was a little too sweet, it also wasn't worth the price (two honey chicken woks with a 0.5l drink were a whopping 25 euros!!!). Wouldn't recommend to anyone, there are multiple better Asian food places in Tartu than this :))
R51    Best wok I ever had! Just wow!
R51    Very tasty food, good looking place, and idk about you guys but I find it funny hearing the Indian guys saying something loudly. If your coming here, I recommend the Hong Kong Wok a lot. The reason I put 4 starts tho is because the spicy food are barely spicy
R51    They are an amazing food stall. Their honey chicken is yummy. My kids cant stop eating it. This stall has now become their weekend stop shop. Their hospitality is too good as well and attracts crowds from all ages.
R51    Had their Meekana(Chicken with honey) noodles. For the price it was definitely not worth it as it was just plain noodles with egg oil and a little bit of chicken. Expectations might differ though if you know before hand that you are ordering from a fast food place
R51    Just a litte tip. When you have customers in your little place and you hear the kitchen staff laugh and talk so loudly that you cant even hear the music anymore, there needs to be some changes in my opinion. It makes the experience much less enjoyable and it disturbs other customers aswell.
R51    Me and my family found this place by accident simply looking for a place to have a bite ASAP.  We were EXTREMELY POSITIVELY surprised by the taste of the food and portions. If you want a place to have sort-of fast food with good taste and quality, WOK STOP is the place.
R51    Big portions
R51    The food was lackluster. The incredibly spicy is barely spicy at all. It was very difficult to feel anything at all. The amount of food is very little compared to the price. It is very hard to say any good thing about this food. A very disappointing experiment.
R51    OMG amazing food in an amazing ambience. My whole university friends love the food here. The chicken is very tender and i haven't seen this well cooked chicken in Tartu . Especially Pad thai  is tooo awsome !!
R51    I love wok stop special dish. It is semi spicy dish with noodles and chicken. My every day dinner stop. The best chef in the world
R51    I've been obsessed with this place ever since I first tried it. Only ever had 1 issue with my order, but that got cleared up and dealt with nicely! 10/10 Thanks for existing
R51    The best Pad Thai I have ever eaten. Yummy and delicious. A best hang out with friends:)
R51    The portions are big and make up for the price. Love to make my own woks - super delish!!
R51    The portions are big but the food tastes average. Got my custom dish wrong.
R51    Too good! You should try Wok "YOYO special dish"
R51    Open kitchen looks very good, foods are very good and portion size is great for me.
R52    Nice place, good coffee, friendly staff and pleasant prices! I loved all quiches here 🥰
R52    A beautiful place with a long history. Unbelievable big choice on sweet cakes and savory quiches. The cafe is very cute
R52    We enjoyed Cafe Werner so much we went back three times over a 4 day period. They have a nice selection of sinful pastries and quiches, along with good coffee. They also have a small printed menu, an English version is available, to order from. The cafe has a great vibe and is located far enough away from the historic center that it attracts mostly university students, local business people and only a few tourists. It’s extremely budget friendly.
R52    Vegan and lactose free cake options. Delicious vegan chocolate cake. They also had a vegan croissant
R52    we were at werners for a small lunch and coffee. the quiche was very tasty and fresh and the other baking goods we had were very good too.
R52    Tasty breakfast in middle of town. Nice portions and reasonable prices.
R52    I read about Cafe Werner in the Lonely Planet guide, as well as a travel blog and I knew I had to visit to try one of their cakes. So, once I finally made it too Tartu, I came and ordered a classic coffee with milk and some kind of blueberry cheesecake, I think. I picked something that looked pretty without really knowing that it was. Honestly, it tasted as good as it looks!  I totally recommend a stop here, if only to indulge in some delicious pie of some kind !
R52    Delicious and cozy cafeteria. Perfect for breakfast.
R52    Had Brita cake and cappuccino here. Both very good. Nice atmosphere, larger sitting area than other cafes around. They have some savory stuff like quiches and soups that look and smell good.
R52    If you visit only one cafe in Tartu — it should be Werner’s!  They have amazing selection of tasty food, coffee, desserts and their staff is super friendly and kind.  We live in Tartu and it’s our favorite place to bring friends
R52    Just had my most delicious chocolate 'Construction' at Werner, here since 1895. Can't call it a tart, not a cake, nor a chocolate....somewhere in between. It's made of dark chocolate, pistachios and raspberries...super yum.  Very very popular place and a must to visit and enjoy light foods, amazing quiches and cakes.  My espresso macchiato I also rate highly. Had 2.
R52    I have been a client for long time but again i was convinced that quality of breakfast has dropped down a lot. Salad what I got was mixture of yesterdays old and todays fresh one, bread was very slim and all appearance was sloggish and not appealing. I told this to a waitress and fortunatly they made a new salad 🙂 so after all there is a light in the end of the tunnel…
R52    Perhaps just unlucky and we were in towards the end of the day, but the Schwarzwälder cake was underwhelming, with dry biscuit / not a hint of the cherry liquor; the oreo cake was not impressive either. The teas were fine.
R52    Always a reliable place for a cake& coffee or even a meal. I mostly go for their Napoleon cake or Rummipall as others are not always according to my taste. Hot chocolate is also very nice here. I like their daily lunch offering. Extremely important are the people working here, they are incredibly nice, they always have a smile despite their tiring job. Big thanks for your kindness!
R52    Very good cakes and pastries Cappuccino and caffe latte very good as well
R52    Quality. Really nice cafe to visit when in Tartu city. Good selection in menu. Located in beautiful Tartu oldtown near university. For family, couples, friends etc. Lovely
R52    Came here for breakfast. There's a small menu but a good range of food and not overly expensive. The tea I ordered came in a large mug. The eggs Benedict were tasty!
R52    Delicious cakes and good coffee. A little pricey but worth it!
R52    Legendary because of wide variety of fresh cakes, good coffee and athmosphere grown with time. Oldest cafe in Tartu famous for many poets and academics visiting it through time. Now popular for students and other citizens enjoying cozy atmosphere inside and  comfortable seating options outside during summertime and of course high quality desserts and bakery. Definetely a MUST when visiting Tartu!  Be aware that the you will find quite a spacious and classical style restaurant part on upfloors where you can find classical meals from a' la carte menu.
R52    Place was just as good as advertised. I enjoyed a croissant sandwich with chicken. Simple, but fantastic. Also, the cake I enjoyed was also exceptionally good. The cappuccino was nice and strong. Stop in to warm up on a cold winter's day.
R53    Mõnus koht kiireks lõunaks
R53    Privaatpidu, aga jäime kohaga väga rahule. Asukoht hea, maanteest eemal, parkla. Restoran ise hubane, omavahel harmoneeruv sisekujundus,  meeldiv teenindus ja väga maitsvad toidud.
R53    Toit maitsev, teenidus meeldiv.
R53    Ma ei nimetaks seda restoraniks, pigem söökla. Toit hea, hind ok, portsud võiks veidi suuremad olla.
R53    Hea valik lõunasööki mõistliku hinnaga, kiire teenindus
R53    Место для обеда или мероприятий
R53    Hea ja odav toit. Maitses ka hästi.Teenindus hea.
R53    Supikausid katki, katkised kohad üle tehtud musta markeriga.
R53    Head toidud lõunaks.
R53    Garšīgi
R53    Söökla
R54    My wife and I stopped by here for supper the other night, and it was certainly a great choice. We were lucky enough to get an outside table along the main street (pedestrian only). Our waitress was very nice and was a great help in selecting menu items. As for our food, we noticed all their very interesting starters and snacks, so we decided to get several of them instead of a meal. This was a great way to spend a little time enjoying the area while having a few drinks. All our selections were very good,  but I really enjoyed the focaccia with the olive oil and balsamic vinegarette. Olives seem simple, but very tasty as well. The red salad was very refreshing and a unique menu item. This restaurant is a great choice if you are in the area. I might even suggest a reservation if you want an outside table along the road. Thanks.
R54    Absolutely lovely dinner! The salads and focaccia as starters were great. Three of us had pasta as main dish and it was some of the best pasta we’ve ever had. The monkfish was apparently also fantastic. For dessert we’d recommend the gelato or cheesecake with limoncello. Our waiter was so friendly and helpful!
R54    This is the 5th time I am eating here, pretty consistent service and dishes. Highlight dish is definitely the home-made burrata!!! A must try. This time I also had the meatballs (solid, nothing too special) with broccolini side and ended with tiramisu (i think the lunch version was better than this dinner, so I might skip next time).
R54    Perfect Sunday evening meal! Excellent food throughout the meal. Good service. Relaxed atmosphere. Focus on the right things to make an enjoyable experience. Highly recommend.
R54    Had very flavourful food there. Try everything, it's worth it. They could possibly add more non alcoholic cocktails to the menu so that there's choice.
R54    Excellent service. The dog was allowed to come inside with us. The food had taste. An interesting concept, a mix of Italian and Spanish.
R54    Visited on a Saturday early evening and had a wonderful time. The house sparkling wine was on point, great value for money but what's worth mentioning more was the grilled focaccia and housemade stracciatella (topped with smoked olive oil!!) To die for. Really beautiful dishes and impeccable service.
R54    A typical restaurant in very central place of Tartu. Nice design, friendly stuff. Food and cocktail was decent, however a little bit disappointing, gin sour and beef tartar tasted differently than expected
R54    Unbelievably delicious dinner experience. Started with a burrata & jamon, that we shared for two. Their homemade burrata was absolutely amazing. For the main course I had the mushroom pasta. If you love “bitter” or “full bodied” flavors, then you will enjoy it. Although, I got to taste the lemon & basil pasta and instantly regretted my mushroom pasta. The Lemon& basil pasta is the must try dish 100%. Perfectly balanced, fresh and easy to eat. The atmosphere is lovely, and it’s paired well with very attentive service. we stayed there until the closing time, because we lost track of time.
R54    The restaurant Pompei made a real pleasant surprise on our first visit. It seems that its chef is a master of expressing the uniquiness of a single ingredient in a special plate for that ingredient. We tried beef tartar, red radish, cabage, and all these things were prepared with great quality and taste. Also the wine list is really long and has decent variety of normal affordable wines (not primitivo and NZ sauvignon only). Plus our waiter was amazing - very attentive, knowledgable and warm. He could comment on every dish, every wine and find good word to every guest. Bravo!
R54    Very nice place. Amazing staff. They will tell you stories about food and drinks. Waitress suggested special pasta for kids and they really loved it. We had the best Ceasar salad that I had in my life. That souce was something from another world. And I am not a big fan of Caesar salad :) Homemade limoncello was also very good. It was great food experience in Tartu.
R54    We took a lot of dishes for sharing. Good: truffle and mushroom mozzarella, pork rillette with plum-mustard sauce.  Less good: Mussels (overcooked/bad texture), steak (very tasty with the first bite, however quite chewy in the middle), beef tartare (lacked sauce/taste), lasagne bites in panko (good idea, but pieces too small - a bit overfried)  Very friendly staff and nice place overall!:)
R54    Great option for group dinners! You can share everything (restaurant recommends it) and mix and match cold and warm meals. Everything we ordered was delicious especially bruschetta with stratcciatella and squid. Friendly and attentive service.
R54    Delicious (vegetarian) food, good service and lovely ambience. Could not have hoped for more! Try their olive oil&balsamic vinegar ice cream and homemade cheeses, also their artichoke dish is a must.
R54    Excellent service, interesting delicious food
R54    A very good restaurant with great local dishes and amazing service. I had a great time sharing many delicious dishes with my team and enjoying the drinks. The staff are very friendly and gives the best service in Tartu. Keep it up and thank you for the good time🙌
R54    This is an innovative and creative take on Italian cuisine. I had dishes that I’ve never had before and enjoyed every mouthful. Excellent service, very welcoming and friendly staff. I would happily go back to Pompei tomorrow. Thank you.
R54    We booked a table for 20.00 on a Wednesday night. We wondered if we really needed them or not, but found the restaurant quite full on arrival.  We ordered some of the house made cheeses for starters, but our waiter soon returned to our table apologizing that the last of burrata had just been sold.  Would have liked to try it, so we'll just have to return another time! The farmers cheeses and jam were a fine replacement though and the beef tartar was very delicious. We had the squid and mussels for the mains. Both were very nice dishes and cooked extremely well. My only complaint about them was the side of fries with the mussels could have been a bit larger. There was tons of the delicious 'nduja sauce but not enough fries to dip into it.  Overall we had a very enjoyable experience. Our waiter (who I wish I had gotten the name of) was excellent and made the visit very positive. Highly recommend here for a visit. Reasonably priced as well
R54    The restaurant is located in the centre of Tartu. Pleasant interior, quite fabulous. Waited a while to get seated. But then waitresses kinda ignored us and we took the menu ourselves. When ordering, the waitress recommended to get the dishes for sharing. Would recommend sharing, to be honest. The portion is not huge, not the best choice when there are three of you. Tasting a bit only. The pesto & pistachio pasta was really interesting, cause pistachios added some sort of crispiness. The other type with pecorino was not to our taste, good to try once and never order again, quite trivial. Lazagne was the most amazing dish there, basic yet surprising, it had some unknown mysteries, for sure. Tiramisu was also good, fully homemade, that's what I truly appreciate. Again, quite a disaster in terms of service. Overall, the dishes were quite trivial, nothing that special. We were left with this awkward feeling when, you know, the experience was okay'ish, but you would not come back if you had an opportunity.
R54    Excellent restaurant. Fresh and flavourful food as well as many home made ingredients. Very attentive waiter. Top 5 restaurants in Estonia in my experience.
R55    The food was prepared on the coal grill outside, just in front of us and it was seasonal, local food. We had european perch, which was grilled perfectly, alongside with a chanterelle sauce and grilled vegetables, as well as the pork tenderloin alongside some grilled vegetables. The tastes where perfectly balanced and we really enjoyed it. The deserts are also worth mentioning, if you don't find something you like in the menu, take a walk inside and there is a whole bunch of different cakes available. Overall, this place is a hidden gem for people who enjoy good food and care about the quality and sustainability of their food.
R55    Extremely tasty food. Unexpected combinations of components that works together perfectly. Little pricey but worth the money. Great place to treat yourself.
R55    This place has good food but also that extra touch that cannot be put in words. The owner is also the master Chef and you can feel the extra mile he takes in it …  Must try place !
R55    A really great experience. We were allowed to come inside to eat with the dog. The food was very tasty and the service really good. We will definitely visit again.
R55    Sadly the food was a disaster here.  The strange use of strawberries that they do here (I tried smoked mushroom and strawberry soup) just didn’t work for me and the main was such a mess of competing flavours that I just couldn’t eat it.  Around 80 Euros wasted for two people..
R55    Twice we had really good food. The first one was a dish from the terrace grill and the second was Duck au Vin. Excellent! I recommend!
R55    This restaurant is overrated. We had two of their signature dishes. "Andre's strawberry salad" was healthy but the dressing was bland and uninteresting and the portion was small. "Salmon Fillet with Truffle and Lobster Sauce, Strawberry Vinaigrette" was odd. The centimeter-thick piece of salmon was cooked dry. It lay above a sauce in which the purported lobster and truffles were difficult to detect. The chanterelles were good. But the combo of crisp sauteed red bell peppers with mushy cooked strawberries really doesn't work very well. If you're not a strawberry fan, note that at least seven dishes contain them.
R55    The pasta was swimming in 3 different types of sauces, and the cheese on top of it was pungent. Ate 20% before asking for the bill. After had to go to a nearby store to buy juice to wash away the awful taste of that pasta .
R55    One of the best restaurant in Tartu! If you want to taste perfection, then this is the place ;)
R55    All-you-can-eat lunch buffet. With a good selection. In Estonia. For 6 eur. I cannot believe it!
R55    Most probably we were just not lucky with our choices, but … while menu looks very interesting, execution did not feel so and not price / value in balace. Pasta with chicken and mango was tasteless, grilled cheese boring and overpriced, shrimps for main meal oversalted. Plus wine list looks quite poor - though there prices then are more understandable, but by glass served without showing the bottle, so unless you are expert in wines, you do not know what you get.
R55    good vibes and such a lovely chef! if u visit try the strawberry soup 🍓
R55    Good, tasty lunch.  Very friendly service, I highly recommend. Lots of delicious pastries and cakes.
R55    The food was amazing! The place has a outside area and the inside area is cozy. Toilets are clean. There was a big selection of cakes and dessert. If you are staying in Tarto you should visit this restaurant!
R55    The restaurant offers great atmosphere and the staff is very friendly. Sadly, the food was rather far from what I call tasty. There are many better options in Tartu - with much lower prices.
R55    Cozy place with amazing food, definetly worth it to visit and enjoy the atmosphere😊 And the service is amazing, haven't experienced something like this when the waiter presented the dessert
R55    Had an absolutely wonderful dining experience at Chez Andre! The food was innovative and exceptionally tasty, and the atmosphere was top-notch. What truly set it apart was the personal touch from the owner and chef, Andre, who took the time to come and meet us, ensuring everything was perfect. Highly recommended!
R55    Great place with wonderful atmosphere and excellent food!
R55    A gastronomic pearl in the heart of Tartu. Certainly a place for lovers of fine dining!
R55    The chicken from grill was very dry, hard and too much for the fork and knife as well as my teeth. I mentioned this to the waitress, adding that she should tell about this to the cook but there was never a response. The waitress looked like she couldn't care less about us. The soups and dessert were okay, as well as the strawberry theme.
R56    It is a very nice and cozy place in the quiet but close to center part of Tartu. "All things chicken" could be the slogan of this place but also fried potatoes very very nice and cheesecake was nicely fresh. There has been though several times a mix-up in the kitchen though, so service would be 4**** while food is a good 5 in its category.
R56    Wonderful spot in Tartu, we've visited or ordered out at least 10 times. The best chicken burger we've had, the nashville hot burger is a must try. Also good cocktails.  Prices have more than doubled since it opened a few years ago, but worth the price.
R56    The “hot chicken” sign is very cool! The service was very good and fast and I love the food, it’s very very very good. I took two chicken tacos and it suits my diet very well and let’s not even talk about the atmosphere: the music and furniture and signs/pictures/posters are so pretty – A CLEAR 5 STAR RESTAURANT!
R56    Went to NOKK for the first time a few weeks ago and I have an inkling that I'll be going back whenever in Tartu the next time. I truly adore places that get simple relaxed food right and manage to organise eating and sitting outside in chill, not over-organised way. NOKK manages both. The menu is short which is always a good sign. If I'd have to give you a tip for the menu: get the tacos, and a side order of both green mixed salad and kimchi, and then top up those tacos with those sides, and if there's two of you, get half a chicken as well, and share everything. Burger is fine too, but you can get good burger in quite a few places now - tacos, not so much, so that's why I'll be going back. But the real treat of NOKK is sitting outside, and if it is evening hours, getting to look at the many, MANY cute dogs of Karlova, taking their people for a stroll on the streets.  I really hope NOKK stays around for a while ❤️
R56    It was cozy. The server knows english. The chicken grill with piri-piri sauce and french fries were tasty. Will go there again.
R56    Casual dining, but there is nothing casual about the quality of the food. High quality was a pleasant surprise compared to the price point. I recommend the lemon pepper wings and their fries are good enough for a high street restaurant. Good value for money for sure.
R56    Fantastic food, with really wonderful people working there.  I am only in Estonia for a short time but I will be back to visit before I leave.
R56    The best chicken in Tartu.  I come from a family in the southern United States who prides themselves in both eating and making fried chicken. I have searched far and wide for a suitable replacement to the chicken I miss from my home. By some sort of luck, I stumbled upon NOKK.  I fell in love at the first bite of their chicken sandwich. The chicken has a crispy outer layer that has been properly seasoned, covering a juicy and tender inside.  Every item I have tried on NOKK's menu has become a favorite. The chicken and waffle has now become my go-to choice. You really can't go wrong here.
R56    By far the best chicken burger in town! Happy to have such a great place in Karlova 🫶
R56    Very tasty burger, nice atmosphere too.
R56    You can always say that wings could be juicer or sauce could be slightly more intense... but in the end it was one of the best meals I had in Estonia so far. Highly recommended.
R56    Nokk is an amazing place in the heart of Karlova, and I recommend it wholeheartedly.  The food here is amazing, the chicken tastes juicy and crispy at the same time. Everything you wish for in a chicken restaurant. Not a fancy and pretentious place, you can come here for a casual lunch/ dinner with family or friends. The drinks card is simple but good – especially their cocktails. The best thing is to be here on a warm summer evening and have several of their cocktails (I love the spicy Jungle Bird) and some nice wings and chicken burgers. Tacos are also great. To be honest, everything is great! They also have a selection of hot sauces, so you can always make your food even spicier.  The service is also great and even the playlist is very tastefully selected. We don’t live in Estonia anymore, but we always come here when in Tartu. Keep it up!
R56    We were curious about this place, because of the reviews. The current menu (which tends to change) is simple, but the food was really good, and the waiters were helpful, quick, and very courteous. We had some local beers (of which they have a whole lot), and all of them were good.
R56    This is the most authentic chicken place in Estonia. Truly amazing tastes all across the menu. Must visit.
R56    Great food! The Korean burger was amazing!
R56    Good music, nice view, children menu, decent food (also vegan options available).
R56    Very cozy place. Food was delicious, there are no meat options. Waitress was super nice! We had a perfect late breakfast experience.
R56    Nice place! Very good service with real interest about the guest.
R56    Good food
R56    Great little restaurant - mainly chicken based food as the name suggests. Tasty & well presented
R57    Inserted in the Michelin guide, this restaurant probably offers the best food in whole Estonia. A very creative combination of international and local flavors, presented as pieces of art, everything is fresh and high quality. The service is impeccable, friendly but not intrusive. The ambiance is stylish minimalist. Excellent price for quality. I strongly recommend.
R57    Best restaurant in Tartu hands down. Everything was super tasty. Could not get enough of their bread!
R57    Great restaurant. Worth at least one Michelin star ⭐. Service is superb.
R57    Great food I ordered lamb with asparagus etc, Terrace is really nice if the outdoor temperature is suitable.
R57    The food was tasty, but the service was really not good. We received a glass of wine full of cork remains, the changes made to the menu were mentioned by the server only after we ordered and we ended up waiting for over 45 minutes for our dessert, without any explanation at all. For a Michelin restaurant I find that quite unacceptable.
R57    Likely the best fine-dining experience Tartu has to offer in 2021.  + 10/10 atmosphere and ambient sound management. the music was quiet, however the sounds from kitchen (which was rather close) or other nearby tables was barely noticable + all dishes and their ingredients were thoroughly explained as they arrived. definitely felt taken care of by the waiters throughout the visit + solid drinks list with a wide range of every category. personally very pleased with the whiskey selection +- the portions are rather large, so in case of a 3-course meal, I would suggest leaving some room for the dessert. I definitely overate. - being in the heart of Tartu, the parking options are likely to be limited  PS: some photo angles of the dishes are suboptimal, e.g. the lamb definitely looked more pleasant from my side (photo was taken from across the table)
R57    I’ve eaten in many great restaurants around the world. This is up there for taste, innovation and creativity. The service was spot on, décor creative modern particularly the chairs and the glassware inventive though the wine glass was somewhat cumbersome. The lamb was cooked to perfection and the garden like presentation- botanic. The deserts both lemon tart and the blueberry chocolate absolutely divine.
R57    Superb place. Food beautiful designed, tasty and impressive. Not cheap, but for such culinary marvel you simply pay and enjoy the evening.
R57    It wasn’t regular diner, it was journey in the taste of food!
R57    Well, when you have some one asking to get some orher to married, you know the atmosphere is special.  Food was just excellent and it was even hard to find wine to pair with.  Strong recommendation 😊
R57    Restaurant was very good, loved the food, very tasty. We were most surprised by the child friendliness that in this type of restaurants one doesn’t get. Service was excellent.
R57    Great place to eat. Delicious food.
R57    Too long serving time. Waited 45-50min to get our desserts after main meal. Desserts we ordered in advance, with main meals. Not after. It was Monday evening.
R57    Super delicious meals, inspired by local ingredients. A feast to remember from starter to dessert.
R57    All is excellente , especially food! The look and taste amazing.
R57    Excellent food, very nice interior, seperat playground for kids, great service by a professional and experienced team.
R57    One of best fine dining options in Tartu. Elaborate balanced dishes. Might meet some new tastes.
R57    Brilliant,  I can't recommend this wonderful restaurant highly enough!
R57    I don’t believe in Michelin Star ratings but if a restaurant deserves a star it’s Holm! Fantastic modern mix of regional and seasonal ingredients and style with perfect technique and classic cuisine. Also absolutely top notch yet warm and welcoming service, which is not the norm in Estonia (food in general is great there, but the service is often not quite there yet...). Have been to Holm twice and can’t recommend it enough!
R57    We had a grate dinner, Service is incredible and the food is extraordinary!
R58    The King of Pizza in Tartu, Joshua has set up shop on lovey tähe. It’s a quaint space, but good weather you can eat out on the patio (if there’s seating available! Gotta get there early because it’s always busy). I got the mushroom pizza and it’s really good. Metsik has taken over as my favorite pizza spot in Tartu. Highly recommend.
R58    Idk if its the oven type or the master has to practice some more but I've had better neapolitan (in Tartu). The dough was a little stiff and salty. The service was friendly but a little lazy, the table was wet and I had to dry it myself. Language barrier.
R58    I highly recommend visiting this place. Food and music are great and people are very friendly. I also loved the artistically painted walls, which show a northern forrest with some typical and impressive creatures. See and taste for yourselves!
R58    Probably the best pizza in Tartu! Has a variety of Neapolitan style pizzas with stretchy/crispy dough and fresh flavor combinations. Many traditional pizzas in the menu, but the smoked fish pizza was something wholly new and original. The location is also good, it situates in the rustic-suburban Karlova area, and you could have some drinks in the neighboring Barlova bar later.
R58    Probably the best pizza I have ever had. I got goosebumps and I was high for a long time after trying 3 different pizzas. If you are in Tartu you have to try it out. They just opened today on the 30th of June 2024 and they are absolutely nailing it with the taste. Come early because they might run out.
R58    Delicious pizza! 🍕
R58    У день відкриття їли "Салямі" піца-Непогана )) Нажаль піцерія не працює, згідно графіку вказаному у Гугл Картах...,а лише у вихідні дні.
R58    Die Pizza war sehr gut. Das Bier wurde wirklich eiskalt serviert. Das ganze in einem schönen Ambiente mit freundlichen Personal und netten Gästen. Ich habe mich sehr wohl gefühlt und komme gerne wieder.
R58    Die Pizza mit z.T. ungewöhnlichen Zutaten war sehr lecker, ebenso der Wein. Grandiose, beeindruckende Wandgestaltung, tolle Musik und sehr nette Leute.
R58    Väga hea pizza. Teenindajad olid väga ägedad. Atmosfäär oli super. Soovitan soojalt.
R58    Tutto perfetto, pizza margherita buonissima, e ambiente rilassato.
R58    Un vero maestro. Ottima pizza! Parola di napoletano.
R58    Parim pizza Tartus.
R58    Supermaitsev pitsa ja väga tore personal
R58    pitsa oli nagu supp
R58    Perfetto!!!
R59    I made a reservation and specifically requested a table with a good view of the game. When we arrived, the setup was chaotic – the staff didn’t even know which channel the game was on, and one of the TVs wasn’t working. They initially said they’d check the issue, but we ended up having to chase them down to get an update, only to hear that the TV wasn’t working after all.  Service was beyond disappointing. We ordered three burgers (!) as soon as we sat down, but had to follow up multiple times since it took over 1.5 hours to get our food – and this was in a half-empty pub. The staff was completely inattentive, leaving us in the dark about both the game and our food.  If you’re looking for a place to enjoy sports, do yourself a favor and avoid this place. Watch the game at home for a better experience.
R59    Probably the best sports bar in Tartu, bowling, pool and other g-mat activities available.  Big screens to watch sports.  Food is good and tasty. Service is OK,  all thouse barmens and waitress  make impression like I own them something from the beginning... 😀 But it is Estonia baby,  do not expect them to be nice 😀  Recommend to make reservations before coming.
R59    Went out to eat there with my family. Fries tasted like they were made early morning and served 8 hours later, the sauce for fish and chips had a dried yellow layer on top, my sweet potato puree was watery and cold, the fish was just steamed and not cooked crispy like on the picture in the menu. If you are thirsty for a refreshing cocktail - don’t get one here, way too sweet and not enjoyable. Service is nice and honest I’d say, but sadly it’s hard to leave tip if the food is that poor :(  also the prices uuuuf
R59    Good place to play games like dart; billiard and many more
R59    Good food, very inattentive staff. We ordered 4 drinks from the tablets and didnt get them for 30 min. We thought the service was just slow, but actually the staff wasn't even aware of the order until we talked to them. Good fries tho
R59    Overall, place is cool. Good service but bad place to play pool. The pool table located in inappropriate place - in an aisle where everyone walks through, changes bowling shoes and leans on table. Also, pool cues are all the same length. If you want an enjoyable pool game, I suggest to choose a different place.
R59    There is bowling and other activites. The food is okay, cocktails are very small and pricy, beers are okay. The service is often very slow and unattentive.
R59    Very cozy place, we went there for bowling. Good for grown-ups and families. You can watch sports events on TVs, while having drinks and snacks. Highly recommend!
R59    Very friendly waitresses. Clean.  Prices too high for the quality of food. Most of the food was really greasy, tasted like still oil, frozen meat, pathetic salads. Too much vinegar. Fish fried for too long and dry.  Tasted like gas station food.
R59    Really narrow space for bowling. Too hot, our group felt like in sauna. And bowling pins are attached with strings so don't expect real bowling. Food overpriced/drinks rather expensive.  Though it's cheapest bowling in Tartu, that's why 2 stars
R59    Ordered a bacon and blue cheese burger. Meat tasted frozen, blue cheese was rubbery. Food was terribly seasoned - oversalted meat, bland salad. Fries that came with the burger reeked of old frying oil. Asked the waitress and she confirmed the meat comes frozen. Overall terrible and overpriced food, friendly waitress and good tap water.
R59    Great food and great atmosphere. We go here often with the whole family. There's enough room, big tables, chairs for babies and also a pretty nice playing room for children.
R59    A few bowling lines, good for family or social event but max 5-6 persons
R59    The best American-feel restaurant in Tartu...very upscale set-up and relaxing environment. I love the foods also.
R59    Irish bar near cinema, fast service.
R59    It's okay but the food prices imo not worth it. Also don't go on saturday afternoon, there were 2 separate children birthdays there.
R59    Quite expensive, prices can be compared as with the restorans in the centre of Tartu! Indoor environment and stuff are very good.
R59    Brilliant food - especially the garlic and parmesan chicken wings. One of the best I’ve ever had!
R59    Great food and lots of fun games. Definitely a good time, bit pricey though
R59    Food is good. Games are OK. Design and colors are somewhat very intense.
R60    Lovely building, but very poor service. We were told to sit where we liked, but nobody brought us menus until we asked. We were then told that food would take over an hour, but that snacks wouldn't take as long. We ordered drinks and snacks. The drinks came quickly but we ended up waiting an hour and 20 minutes for the snacks, which were tasty but nothing special. We had dumplings and fried pickled cucumbers with dips. With drinks, it came to 25 € for two people.  We played cards while we waited but the table was very sticky. There was live music for part of our visit: a singer and an acoustic guitarist playing pop covers. It wasn't so loud that I felt the need to use earplugs. One of the rotating stage lights shone uncomfortably into my eyes sometimes. After the music, a mechanical bull was set up in the middle of the floor. I didn't try it.  The waiting staff were friendly and spoke good English. It wasn't their fault that service was so slow. The place was just severely understaffed on the day we visited.
R60    A quiet Tuesday lunch time .  Not many customers about. One local brewery supplying a couple of beers which were quite acceptable .  Food was nice, had a simple salmon soup. The soup was served in the bread roll.    The vaulted roof is apparently the tallest in a pub in the world
R60    We stopped in this pub while we were walking in the area - it is a bit away from downtown, but that makes sense since it used to store gunpowder hahaha. The pub itself is a definite must see - transforming this inside a hill storage area into a pub. Definitely a one of a kind visit for sure. We had a few drinks in their outside drinking area as there were plenty of shaded areas to enjoy the beautiful day. We also had their bacon sticks with chili pickles - pretty good with the beer. Our new waitress was also very nice. Overall, it was a great visit. I would definitely recommend seeing this place and maybe taking in the night entertainment (stage area inside). Thanks.
R60    An incredible experience at the Gunpowder Cellar of Tartu! The staff was very friendly and willing to explain us the rich history of this magnificent place. Very big variety of local dishes and a great selection of beers. Highly recommended and I will definitely return!
R60    Püssirohukelder is a must place to eat at in Tartu! We eat here everytime we visit Tartu, the food is amazing and the service is always excellent. The sweet cottage cheese balls (kohupiimapontšikud) are exceptionally delicious! Also the venue itself is breathtakingly beautiful and one of its kind. ❤️
R60    Best restaurant in town Good food, good mood. Fair prices and many food options. Try the soup in the bread.
R60    Amazing building but severely let down by the food/service/atmosphere. Students playing beer pong whilst listening to Britney spears is the main audience. Completely worth a visit but have low expectations.
R60    Food was delicious but service at the bar was poor, there was not any bar tender who know how to make cocktails.
R60    Great atmosphere. We randomly got a concert night which was pleasant surprise. The waitress was absolutely wonderful! Keep up with her good work. The food was good (I've had only vegetarian dishes which were very good, especially the grilled dumplings). Plenty of beers to choose from. Highly recommend
R60    The ambiance was very good but unfortunately the same cannot be said about the food.  The rabbit lacked seasoning and was dry, the Estonian meat plate was good but could've used more spices especially in the potatoes.  Overall not a bad experience but lacked few important notes to be called a delicious meal.
R60    Great food. Some traditional meals.  Get the muldupder if you are into carbo loading.  It tastes good, but it's mashed potatoes, barley and smoked meat in a breadboard.  Also, save room for desert and get the donuts with carmel and lemon ice cream.  The loval house beer is good and so is the someersby cider.  The price is reasonable as well.
R60    Very good place for eating and sitting with friends. Very good food and beer. 12 points from 10!
R60    The ambience is very nice, it is as the name suggests a cellar, so very unique in the decor. The foods are good, I tried the fish soup, it was very tasty. I would definitely suggest that. They also have a good collection of wines, starters and fancy dishes.
R60    I was about to rate 4 Stars, but it is not fair to blame this Pub for my bad planning. Speed of Service was the only problem I had but I should have been prepared for the European style of dining.  Ambience is what impresses you, as soon as you walk in. I read that this Pub is 300+ years old, and I didn't have any trouble believing it. The brickwalls, ceiling, decor, etc., all give an Old World feel. I ordered a couple of items from the Snacks section, and 1 soup in a Bread Bowl, and everything tasted really good.  Soup itself was very filling, so I ended packing the Snacks.
R60    A rating of 4,5/5, similar to what it is now, suits this location best. Amazing hall, feels spacious and comfortable, table layout is great, it only seems uneasy to spot when searching for the first time. Have not seen somebody really mention it, but the parking spots for cars are well-thought of : park your horse aka automobile between wooden beams like in medieval times. Most importantly, food is great, national dishes are recommended and drink selection is decent!
R60    Very unique setting with great food and beer.  We had the smoked fish salad and the bread bowl with potatoes, onions, and smoked meat.  Both were delicious.  Their house beer was also excellent.
R60    Everything was truly great, but what made our time there even more perfect was the music! I have no idea who picked the songs or who was responsible for the volume but we would like to thank you soo much!!
R60    The place is absolutelly gorgeous and worth the visit. According to our tour guide, is the only place in Tartu where you can eat some typical Estonian dishes. The food was good, but it did not surprise us. For example, the soup inside the bead was good but the bead itself was gummy and tasteless. The warm vegetables salad was very tasty and we liked it a lot. Keep in mind that they don't cook main cojrses after 9PM, so even if it is 9.03PM you won't be able to make your order.
R60    Delicious food We had a snack, blue mussels, it was a dream of taste, we loved it  Very tasty also the hamburger,  very juicy, we absolutely recomend the restaurant, its worth a visit
R60    Food was really good, I have not had such good food for a long time. Also service lady was very kind, professio Al and helpful. Totally recommended to visit while in Tartu.
R61    Big 2 floor pub. Much place for big companies. My experience with food and service is not so good. It takes time to serve and take away the empty plates.
R61    Nice place where to go for live band. Mixed crowd, good drinks.
R61    Really nice interior, good food and prices
R61    Super.🥰👍
R61    Good daily specials
R61    Very good food!
R61    Great family place
R61    Not very friendly staff.
R61    Bänd minu lemmik...järgmine pidu palun ennast lauda panna,kus teenindaja ka käiks...baarist tassi kohvi sain omale aga õhtu jooksul ei tulnud ühtegi teenindajat,kes oleks küsinud..toidu soovi,aga õhtul ei peagi ju sööma  .tühi kohvitass oli ka peo lõpuni laual....iseteenindus..
R61    Maitsev toit, tuuakse kiirelt lauda kah. Teenindajad on kõik väga sõbralikud. Mõnus vanakooli koht, õhtuti on head etteasted.
R61    Üli võimas koht kus sain esimest korda käidud. Et tulen järgmine kord ka sina👍🇪🇪💝
R61    Lihtsalt super koht.
R61    Safkat todella jees suomalaiseen hintatasoon tottuneelle. Aivan valtava pääruoka + kaljat + kahvi ja konjakki hilkun päälle 20e on ihan sopiva hinta. Aikuinen mies tulee täyteen pelkästä pääruuasta kun normaalisti jää nälkä vaikka vetää alkupala+pääruoka+jälkkäri. Nyt ei puhettakaan että ois syönyt enää mitään koko iltana. Huone asiallinen mitä nyt voi odottaa (oli 3 sänkyä?) ja aamiainen ... noh. Jos yöstä maksaa 25e/nokka ei kai siltä aamiaiselta voi enempää odottaa. Kylmiä keitettyjä kananmunia, leipätarvikkeet, kahvi+tee ja murot/myslit. Ihan siis käypäinen mutta ei mikään varsinainen hotelliaamiainen. Oikein hyvä hinta/laatu jos matkassa vähintään 2 tyyppiä ja huoneita vapaana. Ilmeisesti sesonkina aika täynnä?
R61    Hea muusika ja meeldiv teenindus
R61    Väga hea koht, väga meeldis kõik 🙏😇🥰🌞
R61    Etendust " Viimased rüütlid" vaatamas. Oli väga tore 💖
R61    Mõnus muusika. Teenindajad sõbralikud, kuid ehk pisut oskamatud oma tööd veel organiseerima( too tulles, vii minnes).
R61    Hyvä ruoka ja palvelu. Musiikki hieman liian kovaa ja kirkkaita valoja diskolattialta välillä saattaa hieman häiritä.
R61    Hubane miljöö,populaarsed ansamblid ,elav muusika liikumisruumi palju ja muidugi saab tantsida,alati on ka rahvast,
R61    Väga hea koht kus saab lõõgastuda.🥳
R62    Cosy little spot with impeccable service, but unfortunately the food missed the mark for us. The pancakes were so thick and dense they felt more like bread, and the eggs were overly done. Some might prefer them this way, but we were expecting something else. The combination of pesto, pancakes and serrano was quite refreshing, so kudos to the shop for being inventive!
R62    Highly recommend to stop here to eat or to have a coffee (also chai). Wonderful experience with lovely music and atmosphere. Lovely and rather unique choice of pancakes (looks more like a pizza, but tasty nonetheless and almost more than enough for one person!). Service is like in a proper restaurant - brings water along with menus. Heartwarming questions if anything is great or do we need anything. They make lovely drawings and greetings on the napkin under the hot drink! Took chicken pancake and Chaipuccino, Galipette cider brut.
R62    The omelette tasted okay. The salad was old as can be seen from the picture and the salad also had tiny bits of sand inside which you could feel in your teeth. The omelette was ordered with ham but that was forgotten also. The waitress did not seem to understand the "issues" in the food as I described those to her.
R62    Came back after 5 years, the waitor was so helpful and friendly guy. He did warn us that the pancake sizes were huge, but I went with it anyway. He did not joke around - that was like 2 people’s portion, they have gotten twice as big over those 5 years😅. I had Nilsson’s banana pancakes with caramel and cream and jam and they were incredible - fluffy and light. 10/10
R62    They serve a best pancakes in town of Tartu. There’re unique variety of pancakes including a lunch meal. All pancakes are fluffy and sticky with big portions. We ate ones with smoked salmon and blueberry each and the volume was good enough for lunch. The drawings in a napkin one of the staffs made by handwriting was cute.
R62    Perfect match for a lunch, coffee and boardgames. With plenty of space indoors and outdoors. Nice music and atmosphere.
R62    Really delicious and beautifully presented pancakes! A bit expensive for 1 pancake, but was served with ice cream and whipped cream..  😊❤️ Thank you!
R62    Nice cafeteria for breakfast/brunch. The service is somewhat disorganized but overall a great place where to spend your weekend mornings. The pancakes portion is pretty large so suitable for 2 people.
R62    If you are in Tartu, a sure-bet for breakfast is Krempel. Delicious, freshly prepared dishes (Omelette Original or Royal Breakfast or the Pancakes! Hmmm..... Yummie!). The staff is professional, helpful and friendly. Prices are ok. Funny and at the same time personal and sweet is the action with the napkins (@krempels_napkins) Location is central. Ambience is cozy. What more could you ask for.
R62    Found it through tripadvisor as one of the best places for breakfast. In the morning when we went there we wait for 5 mins for free table. It was bit hard to find because there were no big name outside and we missed the place first time. We ordered 2 pancakes and sandwich with smoked salmon. My wife didn’t liked sandwich at all so I swapped my pancakes with her. For me sandwich was good, and pancakes were good as well. Overall I liked this place.
R62    My partner and I loved the ambience and the food! We had pancakes with spinach, tomatoes and cheese. The food was well prepared and well presented!  The pancakes were filling and delicious, while the hot chocolate was amazing!  We're definitely marking this as one of our favourite places in Tartu. Hats off to the staff for adding cute messages on our napkins, and for the great music 😊
R62    I’ve enjoyed their attention to details, such as sweet and funny drawings on a napkin under my ☕️. As well as unusual combination with sweet and salt taste (ex. blueberry pancakes with bacon). Nice atmosphere and a cabinet with tabletop games
R62    Absolutely full but service was still smiling and managing everything well and it made us feel comfortable.
R62    Super friendly cafe! I had amazingly tasty oatmeal porridge for breakfast with a big portion of blueberry pancakes. Couldn't finish all but it was totally worth it! Coffee was tasty and napkins with wholesome pictures and messages were a lovely surprise. Would recommend whole heartedly!
R62    🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟  Good place to go. Many people are inside the coffee place and the vibe open, friendly, calm and staff is young.  Such a Young Team are leading this coffee place and I was really surprised how calm the team are. No stress, no Hektik… everything went super smooth, service was fast, food came quick.  Soup of the day Fantastic sandwich Water 13€  Soup was delicious, little spicy and from my place at the open kitchen bar I could whiteness how they prepared my food. Almost in silence! Amazing!  The “fantastic” sandwich - that’s the name on the menu, was good, fresh, the eg perfectly made…  All over a good meal.  I would Love to have more fresh salad in it. The quality of the salad is not the best, many white parts in it…  Amazing team!  I’m the ends, they say goodby with a kiss… like a little sweet at the counter when I payed.
R62    A lovely cafe with friendly staff. We went for breakfast on a Sunday morning and ordered pancakes. We were the first customers at 9 am but had to wait 45 minutes to get the food. I mean, I can understand why it took so long… the dish was an entire loaf of bread. I can imagine it takes some time to bake. It wasn’t at all what I consider pancakes to be so I was a bit disappointed. Also, my jaw dropped when I saw the portion, it’s humongous😆 I’m not a local and there were no photos on the menu to show the dish. They could’ve explained their pancakes are not traditional when they took our order. I don’t know about their other food but you should know their pancakes are a pan sized loaf of sweet bread. One portion is so enormous my fat friend could only finish half.
R62    Their sign said the best breakfast and it really was. Service was amazing, friendly and fast. Linna suurim kohvi was really the biggest coffee in town. Pancakes were delicious and the portion was huge. Highly recommend to check it out when in Tartu 🙂
R62    I really appreciate the vegetarian options, however the shroomie pancakes were heavily on the dry side. Some hapukoor or Greek yogurt // vegan mayo with herbs on the side would have balanced the dish nicely.
R62    Very much enjoyed this café! Staff was very friendly and interested, and lunch was served quickly. The vegan daily special as well as the pancakes were so good I forgot to take a picture. Ironically I did take pictures of the cake, which didn't taste as good as it looked, so that's the one star off. Still, could be worth a try. The interior was also comfortable and light, with a direct view into the kitchen. I can definitely recommend it!
R62    Little bit hidden but if you find this place you can get a really cozy breakfast here. Servings were really huge.. in case of the pancakes, maybe its better to share them with someone.
R63    As one of only two Michelin-guide restaurants in Tartu, this place truly stands out. The atmosphere is warm and inviting. Each dish is meticulously prepared with attention to detail. If you're in Tartu, this restaurant is a must-visit for food lovers seeking something truly special.
R63    We ordered from the business lunch menu. I had pork belly which looked nice from the outside but was uneatable because of all the tough fat. My partner had portobello which lacked taste.
R63    A good restaurant, but Michelin guide worthy?  The restaurant looks neat and stylish. It is Sunday evening, the restaurant feels empty (30% full). I decide to take the recommended menu. However, they do not have the oysters that were on the menu. The homemade Estonian-style bread is delicious. The dishes taste good, but not special (in comparison to the price). Except for the shrimps, these tasted very good. My main course was served very quickly after my starter. I think this was not necessary because it was not that busy and I was still drinking the wine from my starter.  It is a good restaurant and the wines were good, but was this worth almost €100? No, unfortunately. That is why I do not quite understand why Michelin included this in their guide. If you have something to celebrate, this is a nice restaurant.
R63    Very good place, there to go to eat. All food are done high level.
R63    Nice place for family dinner.
R63    The business lunch offered us an opportunity to try the food at Joyce at short notice. The restaurant located at the lobby of V Spa hotel has an exquisite setting and the service is personable and polished.  Coming in for a late lunch, we almost had the entire place to ourselves except for another group.  FOOD: There are some hits and misses. The European dishes shine while the Asian fusion dishes are best forgotten.  🔸️ DARK RYE BREAD ⭐⭐⭐⭐  🔸️ ENTRECOTE ⭐⭐⭐⭐ Found also on the dinner menu, this was a good cut of beef. Evenly grilled, tasty and a satisfying plating with roasted potatoes, marinated cabbage and fragrant juniper sauce.  🔸️DESSERTS ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Excellent MEEKOOK (Honey cake) and SOOKOLAADI BROWNIE (Chocolate). The ice cream and sobert were great too.  🔸️LANSON CHAMPAGNE ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ Semi dry, rich flavours.  🔸️ EARL GREY TEA ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐  🔸️RAMEN with shiitake, kimchi, pak choi and pork belly ⭐⭐ Too much salty shouyu and an unbalanced broth with noodles that didn't taste like they paired well with the soup. Has the looks but it is expensive dish that did not satisfy.  🔸️ BAO with smoky pork belly, kimchi, hoisin sauce ⭐ Extremely hard, dry pork belly that is jerky-like. The use of kimchi and hoisin sauce with the steamed bao seems to be chasing popular ingredients. This is a dish of salt and spiciness overload with flavours that are each running in separate directions. The small serving also leaves one hungry.
R63    Very cozy and warm place. Service was really nice. We ordered beef ribs and lamb. Lamb was really nicely cooked and all other components worked on that plate. Beef ribs were super soft and the sauce suited very well. To my surprise even the shallots were really tasty (and I usually don't like shallots!) Desserts were really tasty also. We had crumble and chocolate tartlette. Raspberry sorbet was spot on on that tartlette plate!  Yes, the place is a little bit expensive and main dish sizes are not very big but you have to remember that this is a little bit high end place and you come to enjoy food here :)
R63    The dining experience was exceptionally tasteful, crowned by the professional acumen, recommendations, and attentiveness of Kristi-Eliisa as we celebrated my wife's significant day. The delicacies served were a harmonious symphony of flavours that left a lasting impression on our palates. It is with this unforgettable encounter in mind that I extend my fervent recommendation of this establishment. Undoubtedly, a gem to be experienced.
R63    I made a reservation but the lack of vegetarian dishes put me off. There were two starters but only one main - and that was risotto. In 2024, a decent ‘Michelin’ restaurant should be offering more than risotto to vegetarian guests.
R63    Excellent restaurant! Professional staff, great food, relaxing atmosphere. Thank you. 🌸
R63    Octopus was really good, all the different flavors blended in with each other really well. The cocktail glass was very extra. Chocolate tart wasn't as sweet as I would have liked. For me its a bit pricey place but it is in Michelin Guide.
R63    Really enjoyed the atmosphere at this place, the veal tongue was my favourite dish. We had a good time there!
R63    Quality has a price and yes, Joyce falls on the more expensive side, but there is a good reason for this. When you come to a place like this, it's about the full experience, the food has a story. We enjoyed the atmosphere, the professionalism and expertise of the staff and the amazing taste of the food. I highly recommend the octopus, it will be something else.
R63    We went there to experience Michelin dinner, we didn't have a reservation and nonetheless of that were given a place on the terrace. Service was excellent we got served really fast, were introduced in details about every dish ordered and also a wine. At first we got delicious bread and soon after the main course that was also full of flavor but "icing on the cake" was banana ice cream in french dessert, it was super delicious.
R63    When a restaurants starter menu bottom price starts with 11€, 22-27€ mains, it builds expectations - those expectations were not fulfilled in any way. I ordered cod as main and honestly, it was the worst I've ever had. It was so stiff-tough and rubbery - it felt like I'm eating a car wheel. It was so so bad (and I was really hungry when we went there so one could expect that anything tastes good with such empty stomach). We ordered quail fillet (totally dry and mousse was covered with rotten dill mixed with fresh one - had to sort it manually), asparagus (asparagus itself was good quality (thank you nature) but the rest of food was okay - would have been excellent for 8€), eel ravioli (okay) and mini duck hamburgers for starters. These mini hamburgers were only dish worth its money. Additionally we had pork belly, filet mignon - not worth the price but edible.  Plating was good for that price range, food looked tasty (clever trick). Seems like Chef Mihkel Manglus has invested some time to watch Netflix shows and takes real passion into that matter - I wish he would have the same passion about tastes and raw material quality and his team who makes that food by his recipes.  I'm puzzled to understand such high review rating on this restaurant - I just don't understand how those, who have given this place high reviews - what did they actually rate... OR, Tartu's restaurants quality is bad in overall and in that certain formula, this restaurant is actually good?  Well, if to keep international standards in mind, this restaurant does not meet them. Price/quality balance is so off. The waitress was very nice.
R63    Food excellent but service far from what you would expect from a Michelin star rated restaurant.  First of all, we were seated next to outdoor so it was cold and smoke came inside from outside terrace. When we asked politely if they could close the door the answer was no. Other customers said the same, they were handed a blanket to keep themselves warm.  We came for the chefs menu, but it was not available.  The starters came one hour after arrival and our order. The main course took another half an hour.  Water had to be asked separately.  A Michelin-rated restaurant should perform on a totally different level. Not worth the star!
R63    A modern shopping centre in the heart of the city plays host to this large, split-level brasserie with bold décor, a popular cocktail bar and a buzzy vibe. Attractively presented dishes mix local and Baltic influences: We found that the kitchen does not adds creative twists and flavours. Fish was tasteles, presentation was not as expected as described in MICHELIN Guide’s Point Of View. Too petty!
R63    We had been eyeing this restaurant for a while and finally decided to visit- thank God we did! The interior is warm and cozy and the cocktails were refreshing. The Iberico pork was amazing and tender as well as the grilled octopus. Our experience was made especially pleasant by our waitress Kristi- Eliisa. Thank you, hope to revisit soon!
R63    Good food, location and service but most memorable was the dessert "Saun". Explosion of tastes and textures. Also one of the best Negroni in Tartu.
R63    The food was fantastic! All of us were really Happy with every dish. Service was friendly and accomodated our doughters chicken nugget addiction. 😊
R64    A nice restaurant with lots options to choose from. The place has a rustic kind of look. Friendly staff. Fast service. We had fried fish, liver and a cheese snack. All were good, tasted fresh. Drinks were delicious. We’ll definitely come again.
R64    The food is really, really delicious, chicken soup with dumplings, fried bread with garlic sauce, sweet potato chips and excellent meat!  Super delicious... really worth a visit.  The atmosphere around is pleasant with music at just the right level.
R64    A short walk from the center of Tartu but worth the effort.  Good place to try traditional Estonian cuisine and many others as they have an extensive menu complete with pictures and English translation.  Service was all smiles and dining venue adjacent to a fountain.  A.LeCoq Premium and Alexander both on draft.
R64    I tried traditional fried fish and potato. It was super delicious. But size was very big. One plate could he enaough for 2 person. When it come to the coffee desing it is super fantastic and different than others. The staff was also super kind amd friendly.
R64    Great atmosphere, soups was tasty, main course was a bit boring, but still ok. Recomend if you don't want sushi or anything like that.
R64    Honest food, really big portions (so big that if you are much better off cooking as a big group). Super tasty too!
R64    Very nice place! Both the interior and the exterior. The food was great with a pub feeling to the dishes, very huge portions as well. We were okay already just ordering from the Salads section as mains. The bacon salad had real bacon! It was home cooked and had crispy edges - very nice surprise! We also ordered the 25€ platter to share with different snacks and it was very tasty, the products were great. Prices were also very decent and the service very nice. Would recommend!
R64    We would have gladly done without the experience at Hansa Tall during our visit in Tartu. For starters, we had pork tongue (mediocre) and seljanka (mediocre). For mains: Crispy Pork Schnitzel with Beetroot Salad and Fries (mediocre; Beetroot Salad very poor as not fresh). All dishes unfortunately taste not freshly prepared, flat and mediocre; more like reheated in a bad snack bar. The staff was friendly and professional.  Service was good. However, it unfortunately does not make up for the food. Ambience is rather rustic touristy; almost like Disneyland. Cute. A lot of effort is put into the decoration.
R64    I absolutely loved this restaurant. We got starters, mains and desserts and everything was just perfect. If I happen to be in Tartu in the future this is a go to place! Thanks for a memorable evening :)
R64    Good place to visit. Prices are expensive.  Food is tasty. Staff is friendly and helpful as well. Regarding the menu, I've ordered: Pork with mushrooms and onion 12,50 EUR, Chicken roll coated with cheese and ham 11,90 ЕUR, Crispy pork schnitzel 10,50 EUR
R64    Very beautiful place, in the courtyard there is a fountain, a lot of wonderful decorative items that are worth your attention. The service is good, the food is great !!!)))!!!)))
R64    Very atmospheric place. Awesome food. If I can, give you more than 5 starts. Thanks for great meal with you!
R64    We enjoyed the cocktails and sweet potatoes very much. Everything was prepared quickly, therefore we had the starter only a minute before the main course.
R64    A great place to enjoy a delicious meal and enjoy the ancient atmosphere.
R64    Nice place, but we didn't feel very welcome there. Maybe it was because we arrived there after 9pm.
R64    Good food and amazing service. Potato salad and dumplings were fantastic :) would recommend.
R64    Really good place, if you want to try estonian food. Nice and cozy atmosphere.
R64    We stayed overnight aa last minute reservation. Place for people who like those old fashion thing and too many thing evrywhere. I felt a bit creapy with those stuffed animals and dusty as so many old things all over mixed with medival furniture. I wouldnt stay again. Personell friendly, polite. Breakfest horrible, sorry. Eggs were like left over from last century.
R64    We had to wait for our food for over 2 hours. Do better
R64    Wonderful and original place. Food was good and place was clean.
R65    Very good service and delicious food! Highly suggest! Also the prices are great!!!
R65    Вкусная еда, хорошие цены
R66    We visited at 6:15 on Thursday, the restaurant was empty except for another table of 6. Unfortunately I cannot recommend it. In a 2.5 hour meal we spend 2 hours not eating, but waiting for the next course, particularly irksome for the appetizers - we happened to be hungry. The food itself was delicious and sophisticated, worthy of “haute” , except that my lamb entree was served practically cold, adding insult to the prolonged wait injury. This wait is excessive even for a slow dining establishment. If the kitchen is short staffed and cannot cook promptly we should not have been admitted.
R66    Breakfast is from their  à la carte menu, supported by small buffet to get you fulfilled. Would have expected a better coffee ☕️ They have takeaway station thou.
R66    At the last moment we decided to book a table at this restaurant and that was the best choice for the evening. The place was not crowded and we took tasting menus which were great. The atmosphere and service were top notch. Highly suggest this place for cosy evening and delicious food.
R66    Quality place, nice to invite proper guests, more expensive. Good food but portions are very big, a kind of degustation menu
R66    Excellent food, even the daily specials are of utmost quality.
R66    Somewhat by accident we stumbled upon this restaurant. Great service by the kind waiter and excellent food and cocktails for a fair price. Would recommend this to anyone who likes fine dining and has a little bit more to spend.
R66    Tried the seafood. Really good. Great ambiance and great service.
R66    Food: Amazing. The price, their presentation, taste, everything and everything was just perfect. I had duck and a plate for two, best 1 hour of my life. Place: Place is nice since it belongs to the hotel, they have a nice terrace, can be a little cold tho so be prepared. Service: Service wasn’t bad, quite fast and timely but the table had bread crumbs on it when we were seated. The waitress  was Estonian, thus she didn’t speak English much but seemed she could speak English but it is okay. But I was with an Estonian and all the time the waitress was addressing him, talking to him, asking to him, thanking to him. But she seemed very nice and gentle but “thank you” isn’t a very complicated English word to learn if I can thank in Estonian…
R66    Excellent service and a good, varied yet focused menu. Seems almost a bit underrated looking at the prices and the cozy atmosphere. Good selection of wines and drinks overall.
R66    Delicious meal, good wine, perfect service , antique atmposphere
R66    A surprising experience considering the other reviews. For a simple order of oysters and champagne, the oysters came out decimated (almost puréed) and warm, with lots of pieces of shells to add to the surprise. At 4€ per oyster, you may want to go elsewhere.
R66    Thank you! It was great, tasty and simply excellent! We would recommend that!
R66    High quality restaurant experience. Delicious food with balanced flavors. 10/10 would recommend.
R66    Excellent restaurant in central area of Tartu. The service and attention to detail are fantastic and every dish is fine, exquisite and beautifully presented. It’s a fine dining experience and absolutely worth it!
R66    The food is amazing. Not many places have dishes like this.)
R66    Atmosphere, food, wine and service were all really nice.
R66    In the basement of a hotel but still comfy.
R66    Pork ribs good
R66    Good breakfast
R66    Romantic, perfect!
R67    Food is always a good quality.  When we went next time in this place - we had to went 6 min children steike, since the 2 food was already in the tabel. They were forgot the child dish. After this incident, I was takin off 2 starts and I don't think about to come back!
R67    Best pizza in Estonia. Ceasar pizza is amazing and the burgers are great. Superb price and quality ratio. 10/10 would recommend. Pre-ordering your pizza by phone is very convenient.
R67    This place is legendary in Tartu. Cheapest food in all of Estonia, probably. And it's pretty good, too. And, from what I've heard, they pay their workers better than most similar places.
R67    Best place for family lunch! For the price of 13€ you get so big pizza, for whole family!  Great taste and good prices.
R67    Best cooks for the best price, I recommend you order from the inside if you want good service but if you're a construction worker ordering from the outside, you'll probably have to wait and watch as your food gets cold waiting on the shelf while the clerk finishes their phone call. All and all, have a seat and enjoy your cheap but filling food.
R67    If your looking for Estonian fast food experience, this is the place. While ordering from the hatch, it's one of the fastest place to get fast food around Tartu, even when it seems to be crowded.  The pizzeria part of it is nice, but the pizzas always feel a bit off, however their affordable and fresh.
R67    Quick service, fast food take-away or eat in. But if you order in then you don't have all the choices as in take-away menu. Prices are low and plates are big. Usually you have to wait in queue. Quality is not the best and not always the same. Be careful to check your food right away - there have been cases when you don't have everything you ordered and paid in your take-away bag.
R67    Quick and smooth service, not very good burgers but amazing pizza. Btw if you order pizza - order it 30min in advance with a phonecall. Reccommended meal: Salami Pizza pocket / Salaami pitsatasku
R67    Good choice of fast food and the prices are reasonable. Everybody in Tartu knows this place. Actually the pizza in the Sirius is very  (restaurant) good and there is a large choice of topings. If You like fast food You won't disapoint
R67    Love it. Been coming here for hears. Cheap and tasty fast food that never changes. Service is always lovely as well.
R67    Ok
R67    Pretty good food, but the burgers have way too much sauce.
R67    Delicious but spicy picas. Bartender don't know English and there isn't menu in English.
R67    A must visit pizza joint in Tartu!
R67    Picas are little bit spicy. The bartender didn't speak English.
R67    Pizzas are really good. Radio (Star FM) is awful (or painful) :D
R67    Best prise and quality balance, good simple foods.
R67    Best chicken fillet burger and fast service.
R67    Very good and cheap fast food
R67    The quality to price rario was on point!
R68    Great place to have a family event.  Staff is warm and frendly. Food is very tasty.
R68    Very nice place. Real quiet on a thursday evening.  Food was beautifully presented and perfectly cooked. Price was also fair
R68    This restaurant's warm and inviting environment made a terrific first impression! The hosts are friendly, the food is delicious, the ambience is beautiful, the wine list is extensive, and the desserts are amazing. It is something I would recommend to anybody and everyone! I'd like to return to this place numerous times.
R68    Always a pleasure to visit Vilde Ja Vine. Delicious appetizers, main courses and desserts. Definitely ask about house mocktails! Staff is super friendly and helpful. Everyone wear smile!
R68    Fantastic staff and food, wonderful location in a stunning Tartu.
R68    Always a Tartu staple with good food and a specific spirit.
R68    Very nice in a tuesday afternoon. The service was perfect and the waiters are ready to assist, beautiful ambiance despite the crowd at midday. The food was delicious along with the homemade bread, and overall it's a great restaurant. I would definitely return the next time I'm in tartu.
R68    Beautiful place and great food! Much recommendes. Do reserve a table in advance if you want to sit on the terrace.
R68    stopped here for a glass of wine on our way down from toome hill. Friendly service and fair prices, very beautiful decorated interior.
R68    Really tasty and original dishes - meat, desserts, cocktails… Terrace, atmosphere and service was wonderful! Best in Tartu!
R68    Excellent dinner with my wife. Interesting atmosphere, friendly service and super food quality. Worth of visit and stay. 😎👍
R68    overall okay ....had to wait quite a while for our order and not that much choice on the menu but the food was delicious and the view from the balcony seating is really lovely on a Summer evening.....not sure that we would go for dinner again, but maybe try coffee & dessert another time as we really like the style & look of the venue.....
R68    If you are coming to Tartu, eat here! The food was outstanding! The service was wonderful, the food was beautiful to look at, well seasoned and the portions were adequate in size. It was very apparent that they cared immensely about their restaurant and providing a positive experience for their customers.
R68    Very good Food and very nice people working there. This is now one of my favourite place here in Tartu. Price vrs quality is very good.
R68    Great food, the beef steak was great, you can actually taste the beef. Clams in vine and butter sauce, and passion cake all great. Service is quick and friendly in the best sense.  Recommend. The food was so good, I forgot to take pictures :D
R68    You have to love a restaurant that plays the Weather Girls original version of It's Raining Men!;And terrific burgers too
R68    Very nice place, good atmosphere, a nice terrace to sit outside on, and the food was top quality.
R68    Unfortunately the staff was disinterested and did not pay attention to service details, wine was not cooled, napkins not given, and the food portion size and freshness was questionable
R68    Mainly a wine bar, there is a limited menu, which we didn't try. A characterful building stylishly fitted out. We did enjoy sitting on the balcony having z beer km he afternoon sun
R68    Really friendly staff, broke my glass, reacted calm and all good
R69    I recently had the pleasure of dining at La Mimosa Pizzeria, and it was an absolutely delightful experience. From the moment I walked in, the inviting aroma of freshly baked pizza set the stage for a fantastic meal.  The menu offered a diverse selection of mouthwatering pizzas, each with a unique and flavorful twist. I opted for the "La Mimosa Special," and it exceeded all expectations. The crust was perfectly crispy, and the toppings were fresh and generously portioned.  The ambiance of the pizzeria was warm and welcoming, making it an ideal spot for both casual gatherings and intimate dinners. The staff was friendly, attentive, and passionate about their craft, adding a personal touch to the overall dining experience.  What truly stood out was the attention to detail in every aspect of La Mimosa. From the high-quality ingredients to the efficient and courteous service, it's evident that this pizzeria takes pride in delivering an exceptional dining experience.  Whether you're a local or just passing through, I highly recommend La Mimosa Pizzeria. It has become my go-to spot for delicious pizza, and I eagerly anticipate my next visit. Five stars without a doubt!
R69    my boyfriend’s Favourite pizza place in the city, and you will rlly surprised of the quality of service, taste of the every single piece of art. Pistoia one is the best, the composition of ingredients are making the taste amazing and just complete, like nothing’s off. Great place wish you luck guys
R69    The owner was relaxed and talkative in a nice way, recommended local drinks from a local brewery and when I thought out loud in the counter if my pizza would have too much 'tsilli' he suggested to make it more mild. Overall he was very friendly and the pizza was big (the medium sized one)! 5/5 experience 🙏🥳 A small place, good prices.
R69    Pizzas were tasty. Service was good and fast. We recommend
R69    one of the best pizzas ive ever tasted, the nicest guys in the world are working there, good english level. yeah interior isnt da best, but the food is just amazing, im taking the pizza only in la mimosa 10/10 thank guys
R69    Uncouth and disrespectful worker. He doesnt even know what manner means and freaking out to get 1 star from costumers but guess what you have already one and I think you will have more in the future. I suggest the people to go somewhere else to eat pizza, there are lots of in Tartu
R69    Mimosa pizza was delicious, plenty of topping and dough was skinny which made the crust out of this world.
R69    Not easy to find. Not possible to eat inside with children. Just order for out and no place for waiting. No esthetic completely
R69    Great food and really personal appraoch from the shop owner.
R69    Superhea pitsa väga mõistliku hinnaga. Teenindajad on väga sõbralikud ja abivalmid. Kiirelt sai valmis ja ülimaitsev.  12/10
R69    Pitsad on väga head, 10/10 😊, teenindus oli mega hea. Pizza pakiti kaasa isegi,sest ei jaksanud süüa ära👍 Minu lemmik!
R69    Tavaliselt pitsa maitsev ja hea, kui mingi meesterahvas töötab siis ei soovita võtta. Kord oli pitsa kõrbes ja sisu mitte nagu tavaliselt.
R69    Käisime elukaaslasega söömas. Väga väga hea pizza oli ja kokk oli samuti super tore😊
R69    Pitsa maitsev oli 3 korda ja 1 kord oli kehva, selle kriitika peale omanik solvus ja nüüd mulle ei müü, tundub oma moodi inimene.
R69    Kompromissitult õhukese põhjaga pizzad, nii nagu peab. See pole traditsioonilises mõttes pizzarestoran, inglise keeles vist pole väljendit pizzakohvik. Sinna ei minda sellepärast, et normandia hallitusjuustuga nelj juustu pizza kõrvale sädelevat lambikuplit vadata või telefonis istuda. Pizzad on ausad ja head, kui on öeldud, et on vürtsine, siis on ka krehvti. Kunagi on Tartus veel üks selline pizzakohvik olnud, aga seda enam pole. Sellepärast käingi siin.
R69    Ужас ! Начинки почти нет + подгорелая, жаль что заказала через доставку . Я бы  им эту пиццу вернула бы .
R69    Väga halb kogemus! Ebameeldiv teenindaja saatis pikalt enne minema kui restoran suletud oli sest tal oli juba ahi välja lükatud ja kassa tehtud, kuigi ukse peal kirjas, et sulgemiseni on veel enam kui 15 minutit.
R69    Nice, good picas 👍
R69    Kõige lemmikum pitsa Tartus! Toit kiirelt valmis ja alati kindel kvaliteet. Bolti kaudu enam kahjuks tellida ei julge (viimasel korral võttis kuller toidu peale 20 minutit pärast valmimist ning sõitis sellega veel 30 minutit ringi, seega saime külma pitsa), aga ise kohale minnes pole kunagi ühtegi probleemi olnud.
R69    See koht on väga hea. Seal on väga hea pitsa.
R70    Great place. Very tasty food. Ordered 2 pizzas for 4 people. Midle size pizza is perfect for two people for a price of around 11-12€.
R70    Our hopes were set high with great appetizer (shrimps in chedar-tomatoe cream) which was literally amazing. When the time came for the main course - it all went downhill. One of the mains we ordered was grilled pork with mashed potatoes which was more or less okay, only the sauce that came with it was not so good. The worst thing was seafood so called pasta. I dont even know where to begin. The pasta itself was instant ramen rather than real pasta. The sauce - tasteless yet somehow overpowered the flavor of everything else. Included seafood - shrimps with tails (in appetizer they didnt have the tails, so why not remove the tails alltogether?), tasteless salmon and unfrozen clams, not really cooked. Oh, cannot forget huge chunks of carrot, which most likely spent less than 30 seconds on the pan and didnt add any flavor. And its hard to mess up such dish as pasta, sorry, instant ramen. Georgian white wine was nice. Now to the service - no napkins. At all. Not on table, not added to utensils. Now imagine trying to remove shrimp tails covered in sauce and no napkins - absolute mess. With appetizers we were brought utensils and small plates - nice. Were there braught new ones for main course - nop. Did they remove dirty appetizer plates - nop, but honestly - thank God. We got a chance dip horrible main course into deliceous leftover appetizer sauce. Price wise - whatever, place - okay, service - should be more customer orientated. Would I recommend this place - no. Go to Hesburger across the street.
R70    We quite enjoyed our early dinner in Taverna. The linguine Medi pasta was homey; the small pizza a giant one, actually; the grilled salmon salad was plentiful and a meal in itself; Singapore noodles were also nice. Service is quick and friendly. Invoice was very resonable. We loved it and definitely recommend!
R70    I have been  here multiple times and I love their pizzas. Yesterday we tried the hot spice one and garlic bread. The pizza was a 10. The  bread with the sauce is awesome except there is nothing garlicy on the bread except some garlic cloves. The price is decent, a large pizza is mostly 10 euros which is more than enough for 2 people, mostly
R70    Perfect Pizza (San Remo) with super much Cheese and real Italian Salami. Delicious Tortellini and a high end Burger. I can recommend.
R70    Small pizza is enough for 1 People and you will be full. Delious and big Menu of pizzas. But coctails wasnt the Best.
R70    Good pizzas with a lot of cheese (American style), service is okay. Great prices considering the size of the pizzas.
R70    Hot Sun pizza was good but could have little bit more flavors. It was a bit chilly there but everything else was good. There's a big alcohol section. There are other dishes beside pizza what is pasta and some homely done dishes like potatoes and meat with sauce.
R70    We came on Friday, at 15.30 with the baby carriage, the waitress asked to leave the terrace or leave the carriage outside (the baby is 3 month old) The terrace was empty Very very child unfriendly place 😕
R70    Nice place in centre, good price for good portions, Medium pizza is enough for 2 personas, potatoes puree with onions and mushroom was tasty
R70    Worth the price tbh. Medium pizzas are big enough to share with someone and the prices are good (I bought my medium pizza for 10€). Tastes also great but nothing special. I'd say more american style.
R70    Fantastic pizza - very tasty, big and price low. For two enough middle size. Nice atmosphere and nice services.
R70    Wonderful lunch! We ordered a burger, stewed beef and a berries smoothie. The food was overall delicious and well priced. Good atmosphere and service. I took a while for us to get the food but I guess it was the because of the day.
R70    Always a great pizza. Giorno is my absolute favourite. Mostly order take outs.
R70    Quite good variety of homely dishes and pizzas. I took pprk with fries. The sauce was really good and the fries had good seasoning.
R70    I had a vegetarian pizza that was delicious. The staff was really friendly and helpful. Their pizzas are the best in Tartu.
R70    Food is delicious, portions are quite fair, prices as well and clean restaurant. However, service requires more attention. Asked for cutlery and for salt and pepper after food was served. Only small touches and well deserved 5 stars to this interesting place ! Keep it up.
R70    My experience at Taverna was disappointing due to both the lackluster food quality and the unprofessional behavior of the waitress ( the lady in the bar).  Throughout the meal, the waitress demonstrated a concerning pattern of anger and hostility when interacting with customers. Her offensive demeanor made it uncomfortable to even attempt to place orders or ask questions about the menu. I hope that my feedback will be taken into consideration and that steps will be taken to improve the overall dining experience for future customers.
R70    I have such mixed feelings about this place, the food is amazing and fair prices but the service... 1) you need to know that first room is bar service and second room from the table or you get snapped at 2) group of 6 cannot split the bill and one needs to pay all 3) getting right drinks at first try is always a lottery.. but their pizzas are good and seafood pasta the best I have had in Tartu, so please try to raise the quality of your service to the same level!
R70    Pizza was quite good, table wasn't as stable as we would have liked and a glass of water costs almost 1€ (you can literally buy a Snickers for this amount of money...)
R71    The dough is very good but the filling is underwhelming. We ordered a “ carbonara “ pizza and they literally fried and egg and put cheese on a pizza. The house wine was ok for the price.
R71    The food was really delicious. Unfortunately, we should have had a table reservation so that we would have been able to enjoy ourselves properly. Now we had to eat in a bit of a hurry. A very popular place and I can see why. I hope I can try it again someday without being in a hurry.
R71    Very nice Italian restaurant in Tartu. We stopped by for lunch and although it was crowded, the service was very efficient. Excellent variety of items, with vegetarian and vegan dishes clearly marked. I got the vegan spaghetti which was delicious. I also got an Italian bottled craft beer which was really good.
R71    A great place for authentic Italian food. I went there twice with friends and colleagues during my visit to Tartu and I must say we had a pleasant experience each time. Although we were a pretty large group, the staff managed it pretty well. No extraordinarily long wait times or any issues with the service. I would definitely recommend this place for a taste of Italia in Tartu.
R71    Fantastic place! Been going there for 25 years. Pizza is the best here, but pasta is good too. Small selection of desserts. Try the chocolate tart, very good and big enough for two. Good wines as well, some italian beer. Bruschettas are nice, but I rarely order because with pizza it's too much. Cheese and meat plates are huge! Must be two to finish them and eat main course. Nice atmosphere. Reservation recommended. In summer time the back yard is also a nice possibility and offers more space. Staff is mostly very friendly too. I'm not the only one who loves this place so reservation is recommended, even on weekdays.
R71    A good place to have Neapolitan pizza in Tartu - the salmon and gorgonzola was great, the Buffalina a bit salty for our taste, but nevertheless everything fresh and quickly served. The staff is nice and speaks good English.
R71    La Dolce Vita is a nice Italian restaurant with friendly staff and nice menu (great choice of pizza and pasta!) We were there several evenings and had pizzas (among others Inferno and Vulcano... Very tasty!) and pasta (spaghetti aglio olio e pepperoncino and tagliatelle with mushroom and ragou... also very tasty!). All dishes tasted stimulating: freshly prepared with good ingredients. Spaghetti ice cream for dessert is recommended! It does not taste like plain spaghetti ice cream, but very vanilla-heavy. Ambience is cozy, even if it is a bit noisy and busy as the restaurant is always well visited..All in all: the restaurant is recommended.
R71    Everything was excellent. I loved the Italian vibe. Went there to celebrate the end of school and the beginning of summer with my family, we made a reservation before and i think if we wouldn't have then we wouldn't have gotten a table. The service was nice and polite. The food was delicious. So was the gelato. I'd definitely recommend going there, it's perfect for celebrations but also for other occasions and just enjoying for no particular reason:).
R71    Very good Italian restaurant, quality almost same as in Italy. Nice place and good service and... Probably the best pizza in Tartu!
R71    I love this place and visit pretty much every time I visit Tartu. Pizza, pasta and drinks are all wonderful, and there is an amazing cheese selection. Service is always good - mostly young people who speak English if needed. Also dog friendly inside as well as outside.
R71    Have gone here pretty many times and this time we got a sentence that: we are not welcome. I get some of my friends are ex workers but that beef u have with them should not be a problem. We are paying customers. U should not run a restorant like this. Very sad!!
R71    Definitely a staple just about every time I visit Tartu, La Dolce Vita offers great pizzas and also a wide range of other Italian food. Busy most days of the week, parties of more than 2 people are recommended to reserve a table. In the summertime, the terrace is a lovely place to enjoy your food al fresco.
R71    A nice space with good food. The service is typically better than other eateries in the city. It's a bit pricey for the quality, but overall, it's recommended for a dinner with friends or family.
R71    I have had a really pleasant experience in this authentic Italian cuisine restaurant. Reservations recommended, since there aren't many tables, but competition to get seated exists. Food is absolutely great, well served, quickly prepared and expectation - fulfilling!
R71    Delicious cannelloni, pasta con fruti di mari and pizza. Desserts were also really good, we had Pannacota and tiramisu. Highly recommended.
R71    Discovered this place back in 2005 on my first visit to Estonia and it became my go to takeout pizza place in 2006 when I spent a few months in Tartu.  There hasn't been a visit to Estonia without one visit to Dolce Vita. While Dolce Vita still has the same vibe and look as it's first impression, this place hasn't aged a bit and René is still keeping the bar high on quality and adapting the menu over the years without compromises. We're now 19 years after I first discovered the place and just enjoyed a great pizza in what I like to call the best pizza place in the world.  Grazie mille!
R71    This is the best Italian restaurant in Tartu and in Estonia. Food is very delicious, always looks good, menu is great, staff is very friendly, service is quick and has been for years, which is a good indication for sure!  P.S Cocktails are freaking good here!
R71    Oh my god this Italian food was absolutely great. And the restaurant vibe is very nice. After 3 years in Estonia, I would say it is the best Italian I have tried, if not top 2-3 for sure
R71    Highly recommend this restaurant for very good Italian experience. The portions are generous. Food excellent.
R71    Recommend, even with small kids. Great place
R72    Very nice welcome, delicious food, the best spicy curry 🍛 i had in ages ! Plenty of options in the menu, in multiple languages, and very affordable 👍
R72    Went to get lunch with my 2 friends. We all grabbed the same thing. Free water & crisp chicken with noodles and salad. We all enjoyed the food & place and said thanks to the chef. Customer service was nice also! I suggest anyone who wants to eat a cheap lunch! Sorry, didn’t really take a quality picture.
R72    One of the tastiest food you can get. Amazing portion sizes. Best Asian restaurant in Tartu.
R72    The food was really cheap and good. You can get the day's special at a really cheap prize between 1 to 3pm. The rest of the menu is inexpensive and varied. So there's a bit of everything for all tastes.
R72    Good food and service. The time for food is a bit long - even when we were only customers we waited for 20 minutes to get noodles and some sauce.
R72    The restaurant has several good options, we tried the lamb biriyani and drums of heaven. We found both of these dishes the best version among anywhere in Tartu. The location is good, just a couple of mins before Town Hall.
R72    Comfy, cozy. Felt good to be in there, the foods were tasty, one of only places to have not oversugared cocoa. Only positive feedback. :)
R72    Took a team there for dinner, including one vegan. Menu is enormous - 149 items (although a few might be unavailable). Service polite, helpful, and the food is very good indeed (written by someone who has spent quite some time in India). Suggestion to management - stock local beers (A La Coq, Puhaste).
R72    Overall we liked the foods we tried Biriyani, Fried rice, Naan. It was really good in quality and taste and surprisingly cheaper when compared to other restaurants in Tallinn
R72    Have been eating here for few times and I'm really impressed with the taste. One of the best Asian food in Tartu and has some menu with affordable price. The other plus point, the background music playing inside is really peaceful :)
R72    They are inconsistent and unorganised. We had to wait for our order for almost 3 hours and even then the taste was abysmal and the portion size was quite less. Furthermore, we didn't get everything we ordered. The order was incomplete. Chicken was raw. Everything was cooked in the same sauce and the meat was not properly seasoned.
R72    Spring rolls were good, but main course was plain and meat and fish looked like deep-fry products from freezer, ginger-garlic fish didn't taste either of them. The waiter kept changing language while serving, and talked loudly on the personal phone in hall, also some kid of personnel came in and kept shouting and abusing some instrument behind the counter.  Wouldn't recommend.
R72    The food was very nice and the staff were friendly
R72    I liked
R72    Parim aasia toidu koht Tartus! The best Asian restaurant in Tartu. We absolutely loved the food and service. The place does not look as appealing from the outside as it actually is, meaning they offer really high class food. We had mixed momos, Tom kha soup, butterchicken and chicken biryani with a side of naan. Momos were the least interesting but still a 4/5. Then the soup - super rich with taste! I will definitely try doing that at home. My girlfriend enjoyed the butterchicken, the gravy was quite sweet though, the meat was grilled over the fire or made in tandoori, it was charred and juicy with a lot of flavour! My Biryani had fluffy and flavourful rice with equally juicy chicken, well-balanced with a yogurt sauce (which was the only lacking part in depth of flavour). The naans were also crunchy on the outside and airy soft on the inside, just like it should be. Overall the best Indian food in Tartu so far!
R72    Very delicious meal ✌️😉
R72    I've only been there for lunch. The lunch offers are great and tasty, for good price as well. The service is a little messy, they tend to mix up orders a lot, but if you are not in a rush and not too demanding, it's a really nice place.
R72    The restaurant has improved a lot. Nice staff, especially in the kitchen. Sometimes you don't get what you ordered, but it doesn't matter as the food is good with good price for a value.
R72    I only ordered deliveries so far and the food was good. Except the fact that dishes marked with a hot pepper on the menu were not spicy
R72    Great value for the price. Food is both cheap and tasty. Calm atmosphere.
R73    really good and authentic german food! we had the obatzda with brezeln, käsespätzle and apfelstrudel and enjoyed everything. good and cheap german beer. nice atmosphere and amazing staff!
R73    Food was good. I got the schnitzel, chili cheese paste and chicken wings, all very good and authentic. Our waiter, a young man, had a typical Estonian customer service. He was quite rude to us and did not seem to care much about the customers.  I would expect this from some kind of McDonald’s in a Tallinn District but not at a restaurant which claims to be authentic Bavarian/Austrian. Long story short, the restaurant has Bavarian prices, but not Bavarian customer service.  More positively, the restaurant has an excellent beer selection with a lot of beers. I would recommend to make a taster menu so one could order smaller quantities of different beers to try them all. Also, maybe I missed it, but there could have been a burger on the menu as is typical for restaurants in Bavaria and Tyrol. Also, the appetizers took about 30 minutes to arrive. We were there on a Saturday at 15:30.
R73    My 'pasta' was stuck to the pan. Which was clearly microwaved, because the inside was still cold. The waitress was also very rude and it overall felt very awkward and weird.  The only positive thing I can mention is the beer, which was really nice.
R73    There is a ‘new law’ where you have to pay to eat your own cake at a restaurant, which costs 6.3 euros per person. No signs or reminders indicating this rule, and the additional charge is added to the bill without prior notice. When questioned, the restaurant explained that this charge was for bringing outside food. However, they did offer a discount, so instead of the usual 9 euros per person for in-store dessert, you only pay 6.30 euros, even if you don't order any in-store dessert. So now we know, It's important to respect this policy at Estonian restaurants, as they may not inform you of the charge but will add it to the bill. By the way, I would like to say that we are expected to respect the restaurant, but also expect to be respected, not secretly add fees, please respect the money I earn 🙃. Despite this, the food is good, but if you prefer more choices and attentive service, consider visiting Tartu where some restaurants are more accommodating, even providing plates and cups for your own food or drink, and offering assistance.
R73    Really bad kitchen, meet was without taste, looks like never heard of salt and pepper, mushrooms tasted like made only with water, had half of potatoe only in all portion, only taste was pesto on salad. Also was expensive for so low quality food. Waited for food 40min.
R73    We took 5 different meals, all were great. Schnitzel was fantastic! Totally recommend!
R73    It’s a wonderful place! It’s something between restaurant food and homemade food. Amazingly similar to german restaurant food! Being here feels like being in a high-end restaurant but home. I would recommend!
R73    Very nice restaurant in Tartu. Everything is German themed including all the drinks and a lot of the food. The food itself is very tasty, and the schnitzels come in all shapes from large to very large. The food tasted nice, was relatively cheap and was most definitely filling. There is a large selection of alcoholic beverages also. The wait staff are very attentive and all dressed up in traditional German outfits.
R73    Mushroom sauces was amazing, really friendly and good service
R73    Beautiful and delightful location. Pleasant service and delicious cuisine. The restaurant is located quite close to Tartu University in the city's core. There is a vast range of variation available in beer and other drinks. Due to the high quality of the kitchen, this establishment is one of the best choices available in southern Estonia if you are a fan of German food.
R73    Excellent Bayeriche kitchen with influence form Autria / Wienna. It is not intended as a fine dining, rather a pub / bierstubbe. However in their genre the quality of food and delicacy of tastes lifts it to fine dining level. Also they have good selection of fine German beers. Highly recommend for you who start salivating on a thought of goulach or fancy a true Wiener schnitzel. Hard recommend! 5+
R73    We had ordered chicken wings with BBQ marinade: chicken wings unfortunately tasted funny, I did not understand the marinade. I could not eat the small portion (10 pcs. for 8 euros). In addition, we had ordered typical bavarian white sausage with pretzels: funny, the white sausages (Weißwurst) were hard and difficult to peel. In addition, it was served with normal mustard (no sweet mustard!). Absolute no-go. Therefore: Food was worth 1-star, but since the staff was very nice there's 2 stars. All in all: I would go somewhere else instead
R73    Food was good. If you take cake with yourself, be prepared to pay 6.5 euro for each person, 38 euro for 6 persons.
R73    We visited the place in a larger company and were left alone with our order wishes twice. Finally after 15-20 minutes of waiting ordered from the bar. The place wasn't crowded. Also the attitude of the waitress wasn't always pleasant. A bit cocky and pushy. Foods arrived fast and were delicious.
R73    This is great how long this place has managed to survive there and all of it comes from the enthusiasm of the management and staff. It definitely serves the best German style food in Tartu or maybe in Estonia. Everything is relatively usual but at the same time - extremely delicious and refined. Their German style beer selections is also best in town and whenever you feel like having a schnitzel and a weissbier, you know where to go.
R73    Where do I begin... The wait for food was around 1 hour! The food tasted of nothing, the schnitzel was so bland, it didn't taste of anything! Also, a pretzel was awful, I can buy a better one from a supermarket in the UK. When I asked about the wait, I was told that I am not the only one, and they are busy... classic! People who give this place good reviews don't go out much! Avoid!
R73    Food was good but sauce with my lamb and potatoes were a bit too salty but the fried cheese salad was divine. Schnitzel was ok.  I also had St Louis Kriek that menu said was 330ml but it really was 250ml. So that felt a bit deceiving.
R73    Good food. Fast and nice service. Recommend to visit during your stay in Tartu
R73    15 minutes and no one served us. We even asked the waiter 2 times to come, but he did not. Very poor.
R73    Outstanding restaurant with all german kitchen specialities available ans accompanied with great list of beers and wines. Food is very tasty and authentic.
R74    When we step in, they where showing were we can sit. Instantly they were bringing coloring menu and color pencils for kid and then they were bringing menus. Atmosphere was cozy and service was fast. We were waiting like 15 min to get to eat dinner what we were ordered. Food was amazing. They even ask would I like chopsticks, that was kind. They even pack pizza with us. Pizza box disain was funny and cool. I recommend this place to anyone!
R74    Visited this place for brunch. Ordered 4 different plates and all of them where a bit spicy, although not all of them were marked so in the menu. Taste is really good, looks like it is made from fresh vegetables. Very good coffee and friendly staff.
R74    Our server was awesome!!! I was really impressed. I have gluten intolerance and she had a list of things I could eat. The atmospere is really neat! Shrimp on our tables several dishes however was really overcooked and rubbery. I wonder if they reheat it. Anyways be prepared that this might not be the best, but maybe it was a bad day. Going back for sure!
R74    Wonderful! Food, service, atmosphere… Everything. Full of people around 3-4pm on Saturday - make sure to make a booking (google works). Pad Thai was a bit spicy, but lovely flavour. Seafood ramen was great. Pizza was juicy. Pork schnitzel had a fresh and foamy basil toping. Cleared piña colada was very enjoyable - wish it came in a bigger glass! Recommend!
R74    Had a good time here at ~19PM, still sunny. I ordered a juicy lemonade and a seafood ramen, both tasted great, specially the lamen. It had a rich and kinda acidic taste that matched the shrimps perfectly. The only point of attention are the red pepper pieces inside: I carefully removed them as they were very spicy.
R74    With no pre-booking on Friday evening we managed to get a rather nicely placed table. The attendants were welcoming and friendly.  The skirt stake was really good and was nicely seasoned. Salami-truffle pizza was recommended by the attendant and was delicious.
R74    Great service, the waiters have great fun attitude and humour. Amazing vegetarian food. I will forever be back for more curros.
R74    Very nice location, good selection of food and drinks, reasonable prices. Great vegan food, pizzas are must try. I had the vegan truffle pizza yesterday and vegan nduja pizza today. Both the girls serving yesterday and today were very nice and welcoming.
R74    Nice atmosphere and service but shakshouka is not what I expected. There was only one tiny egg, a lot of feta cheese and the rest is the tomato sauce.
R74    Iced coffee with salted caramel: bad, like water with coffee extract Thai tea: good and interesting flavour All types of food: good Service: friendly
R74    Great menu and great food. We stopped for dinner and had chiken bao and vegan Valentina pizza and nachos as starter. Both were good there was a great selection of beers on tap available too. Great service was included with the food and  Hanna U was a great waitress!!
R74    I managed to visit at lunchtime and in general I must say that the food was satisfactory. As in the lunch offer, you can't ask for a wide offer and that's normal. Meat burger was ok, but salami pizza was better than expected. Maybe I'll visit again closer to evening.
R74    DELICIOUS Vegan Pad Thai. Different flavours dancing together with perfect spiciness. Best dinner atmosphere in Tartu. Relaxed and happy looking servers make you feel warm Inside. Thank you for your work!
R74    They have their menu sectioned into morning, noon and "evening". So you get access to the full menu from 3. Tasty food and good selection. Perfect place for vegans.  Good place to work at, there are several charging spots. Large seating area. Service is nice. Free (good tasting) water at the bar.
R74    You can park in the parking lot on the street for 2 hours free of charge with a parking clock. We went to eat the brunch menu half an hour before it ended. The bar seemed to be completely jammed as we had to wait 38 minutes for our drinks. We waited 40 minutes for our food, which is understandable in a situation where a lot of people can come to brunch at the last minute. But the bar should deliver faster, because waiting 38 minutes for coffee, mimosa and kvass is really too much. Whereas 33 minutes after ordering, they only came to say, sorry, we don't have any kvass. Otherwise, the atmosphere of the place is nice and the food was also quite okay. Brunch prices were also okay.
R74    I loved this place. Nice atmosphere and modern, interesting enterieur. Kind, attentive, professional service. Lovely foods. Huge portions.
R74    Wow! Pizza was delicious and the passionfruit mojito was so yummy and massive!!
R74    Went there many times, the food is absolutely amazing every time!
R74    5/5 everything! Will definitely visit this place again and give it another try to amaze me.  Took bao, fish and chips and couldn't be more happier after that meal.
R74    The portions of the day are tasty and well priced. There are both meat and vegetarian options. The service is fast, and the food comes quickly. Sandbox for children to play arround.
R75    Great place. Really nice staff, good coffee and amazing Apple pie
R75    I can totally recommend the New York cheese cake & Estonian cider Härgmäe (aronia)! I loved both, and the service was super friendly :)
R75    Very good place to eat salads, pancakes or even main courses. Very good atmosphere and cozy.
R75    Everything is amazing! Went there twice, first time i ordered a galette (salty crepe) with tuna, it was delicious and VERY filling, I struggled a bit to finish it but definitely not because of the taste:). The second time i ordered a crepe with blueberries. It came with a scoop of ice cream and A LOT of whipped cream, and was also heavenly delicious and very filling, not as filling as the galette was tho but still, this time i also didn't finish all the whipped cream. The atmosphere and interior is lovely,  very cute and has a romantic vintage vibe. There were candles on every table burning which added a lot of coziness. The service is kind and polite. Food arrives pretty fast, in about 10-15 minutes.  To summon this up- lovely place, definitely recommend.
R75    A true Tartu classic - affordable and tasty crepes, galettes and salads. Large menu, comfortably cozy interior. A refreshingly sincere and down-to-earth establishment that resists gentrification.
R75    They have good salads and crepes. I ordered the shrimp salad which was good and had a generous portion. Also tried the strawberry, banana and nutella crepe which was also tasty but too sweet for me. If you don’t want something too sweet then just avoid getting the one that has nutella in it.
R75    Salads are amazingly good! Of course pancakes are also good but you wouldn't expect to have such amazing salads. Totally recommend: very good food (I loved the marinated chicken salad), smiley people, and relaxing atmosphere.
R75    Amazing place for a brunch/lunch. Had strawberry, chocolate, almond crepe and it was just amazing. Not too sweet and the perfect balance of flavours. Loved it!!
R75    Such a nice atmosphere!  Delicious food and good service. Would definitely recommend to step by if you are in Tartu, at least for some warm drinks if its cold outside. Worth it!
R75    They have famous chicken-salad which is quite good and their own kind of crepes and galettes that are definetely worth to try - they are really nice and not oily, filled with different kind of fillings, salty or sweet. Reasonably priced considering you really get full. Place itself is cozy, often full. Service nice and friendly.
R75    Loved returning here after such a long time. Servings are even larger now and still have that unforgettable aftertaste ❤️ Great staff and plenty of dishes to choose from ❤️ Cannot wait to come back again ❤️ A million thanks
R75    Amazing vegetarian and gluten free lunch! Very tasty salad and great service. Would absolutely come again.
R75    Ordered pancakes with blue cheese, chicken and sundried tomatoes. Hands down some of the best pancakes I've had in my entire life. Very delicious 😌👌🏻 The portions are also quite large, so it's perfect. The atmosphere of the place is very cozy and cute. 5/5 recommend!
R75    The place was very cozy. Our waitress was lovely and the service was on point. Food was quite nice, but the vegan chocolate cake was absolutely delicious. I’m not vegan, but I’ll visit again for this cake 🍰
R75    Very good crêperie in Tartu. We ordered quite fast and were served 15-20 mn later at noon time. Very polite and helpful waiter who did the best service. Crêpes Galettes are diverse with original taste and flavours. Good variety Sugar crepes and ice creams . This place is a success!!
R75    The chicken salad is still very good. The coffee was also served very nicely. The place is definitely worth a visit without regrets.
R75    I had a vegan chicken alternative salad. It was very mustard saucy but over all up to par.
R75    I liked everything. Especially the breakfast pancake was amazing. Friendly and fast service and they spoke english. 10/10 recommend.
R75    Good quality of espresso coffee, fruity but brings a little bit of thirst. Creppe quality is on point and the workers there are nice and very polite. Would recommend 100% if in Tartu with friends or love partner.
R75    Tasty savoury pancake with lots of sundried tomatoes, cream cheese and ham. Cozy atmosphere, with just 12 tables. Would definitely come back!
R76    Attentive waiting staff, even with some large parties in the restaurant. Good, delicious food. Well cooked and presented.  Was there during cocktail week, and had 3 great cocktails with the meal. Highly recommend the Lavender Sour if it's on the menu again.  Cost was less than expected for 3 courses and 3 cocktails. And a great treat for during my travels
R76    Against my usual suspicion of hotel restaurants, the name of this place “Hops” attracted attention. A large drinks menu with some “irrelevant” stuff on tap, but the highlight is eight local beers from Anderson and Puhaste in cans. The tap rooms are nearby, but not often open and definitely don’t have the excellent food options here. Friendly staff and a nice view of the lively streets outside. A great place to start an evening of Tartu craft beer.
R76    Humal in Tartu is a fantastic spot for steak lovers! The steak was cooked to perfection—tender, juicy, and full of flavor. Paired with their wide selection of craft beers, it made for an excellent meal. The atmosphere is relaxed, and the staff is knowledgeable about both the food and drinks. Highly recommend for anyone looking for a great steak and beer experience in Tartu!
R76    It was perfect in every way. Super attentive service, very kind attention to our kids, wonderful food with original touches, moderate prices... THANK YOU!
R76    Lamb burger was mediocre. Although three others in my table said they liked it. Pedron peppers, cheese balls and ribs were awesome and staff was helpful. Food was more like presentation first and quality second. Good selection of beers both craft and basic
R76    Great restaurant with nice view! Salty food is exellent!! But.. desserts were a bit boring, specialy tiramisu. Not the cheapest, but once to have a good experience ot is woth to go.
R76    Got the spicy chicken wings as appetiser. For main we got sea bream and the chicken burger. All very very delicious. This place is a bit pricey though, but the taste explains it. Overall I enjoyed it quite a lot!
R76    Humal serves up the perfect vibe for a night out and doesn’t disappoint with the menu. They offer a great selection of finger food and starters for any taste, my facourites are Beet carpaccio Chicken wings 🌶️ Salmon ceviche Beef tartare Cabbage pie (the chef’s family recipe 💛)  If you still have space for mains, the selection of meat and fish as well as schnitzel has something for everyone. We had the antrecote and chicken schnitzel. 👌  As for desserts, my heart goes to lemon sorbet served in a lemon shell, incredibly smooth and tart sorbet. 🍋  The staff is very friendly and attentive and will recommend the best cocktails. The rhubarb collins is my new favourite.  I’m very happy with my dinner at Humal and will be returning to try out the rest of the menu.
R76    Portions were big and good cocktails!
R76    The location, which is very close to the city's heart, exudes allure. Everything ran perfectly. Both the food and the service were excellent. The food was delicious. It comes highly recommended!
R76    Expectations were high but in reality we were disappointed sadly. The fries were overcooked and mac’n’cheese was really dull, almost like just macaroni, these prices and quality do not match. Probably wouldn’t give a second chance…
R76    Awesome restaurant, awesome drinks and also awesome stuff
R76    it was not the best entrecote, burnt around the edges and medium inside. But overall I liked it. Serving of food, service, atmosphere, good view from the window, prices are all ok. And the beer is good :)
R76    Interesting and delicious food. Very good service, though the waiter speaked a little quietly, compared to the music, which was way too loud.
R76    Everything perfect! Very nice chicken wings and beetroot carpaccio. Very good also the wine selection and the variety of gluten free dishes 👌
R76    I will definitely visit again next time!
R76    Plussed up bar fare that occasionally goes a little overboard.  This place has massively improved since opening. I went around when it opened (never a great idea I suppose) and it was overpriced and mediocre. Was convinced to give it another try and went for the third time last night.  Had buffalo wings, mussels with sourdough, kim chi fries, and the grilled bone marrow. The buffalo wings were spot on. Exactly what I would expect and were perfectly executed. The kim chi fries were also the best version I've ever had. Hand made fries make such a massive difference. The mussels also had an excellent sauce and were really nice with the bread (although could have used a little more bread). The bone marrow was the only dish that didn't quite land. It came with savory waffles, pickled onions, and a thick cream. The cream completely overpowered any flavor of marrow. The waffles, while quite tasty, were completely the wrong vehicle for the marrow as well. I decided to try the marrow with a little pickled onion on the sourdough and it was INCREDIBLE. The crunch and thickness of the sourdough is exactly what the marrow needed. Please throw the waffles and cream cheese in the trash and serve the marrow with sourdough. It's SO MUCH BETTER.  The mixed drinks were very nice and normally priced for Tartu (8.50ish each). The beer selection is lacking and overpriced unfortunately.  If you're looking for a nicer dinner with comforting high quality food then this is definitely the place. I'll most certainly be coming back.
R76    Even though the place has quite random name, the food is delicious both starters and mains without exceptions, confirmed by my friends. Maybe the sides of Kuldmerikoger wasn't that great. Drinks are ok too.
R76    The spicy wings were in fact extremely spicy, but so good! The snails and the Bloody Marys were also delicious, service was very friendly. We really had a lovely time and will be happy to come back next time we are in Tartu.
R76    We were greater with the biggest smile, which made us both think that someone in our group knew this waiter. Turns out none of us did😄. She was just very friendly and warm. Drinks were amazing and I highly suggest getting the Rhubarb Tom Colins. We didn't eat, only went for drinks.
R77    Super tasty pizzas. We ordered also special summer offer sausages for 2persons- also tasty. Fast and nice service. The location is not super nice, but acceptable.
R77    Nice place for a grill meat dish. I was not impressed as there are far better Georgian grill places in Estonia but overall it has a good price quality ratio. I'd gladly give it 5 starts if the meat marinade would improve. When I went the service was only in Russian.
R77    We ordered farfalle with smoked chicken and beef steak. Pasta was served quickly but on a dirty plate and it looked like a soup. Steak came out 20 minutes later. Ordered my steak medium got it well done.
R77    Very good gulas and seljanka soup, medicore pizza. Heineken beer was bad. There is a boxing slot machine as a part of terrace which is very annoying when people decide to punch to it in the middle of dinner.
R77    Very delicious pizza and other food!!
R77    Simple place with tasty food. Meat was delicious and soft. Friendly service. Russian speaking skills needed.
R77    Waited an hour for the food, it was not even hot, just warm. Waitress barely looked at us. Absolutely not worth it for the money and time, KFC in the shopping centre nextdoors is better.
R77    Awful food. We ordered 3 positions, and all 3 had something wrong with them. Vegetables were undercooked, borš was not borš at all(some tomato paste soup instead of a normal borš), and chicken wrap was simply disgusting. This place is not cheap and the quality of food is much lower than what you pay for. Never again
R77    Really friendly owners here, good service and a nice meaty menu with good beer on tap. Had the shashlik (grilled meat) - good quality. Open till pretty late so that is a plus!  Спасибо 🙏
R77    Nice food, big portions, good service. Nothing to complain. Try out pork shashlik with grilled vehetables and soljanka.
R77    Ordered borscht and shashlyk with grilled veg and potatoes, large portions and very tasty. Highly recommend. We will come back.
R77    They only speaked russian. No other language. Didn't understand any english...and ofcourse no estonian to😕we didn't order anything and just left...
R77    Promotes "Georgian Grill"  but receives you with "Pizza Pasta Sushi" SHOCK - this is a (Kebap) snäkki baar with terrace and overpriced beer (4,5€)
R77    Not good our group waited up to 2 hours for food and then it was cold. Definetly not for tourist even if its next to hotel. And no hotel reseptionist should not recoment places like this.
R77    The food was very good but the atmosphere wasnt that good but still the food was great
R77    Good simple place, nice to sit outside, food was tasty
R77    Fantastic place with great service, staff is warm and friendly. Portions are great, good value for money
R77    Ok
R77    Really delicious grilled food with large portions
R77    Great food, I really enjoyed it!
R78    We ordered French fries for the child. When the fries arrived, we found that the sauce dish was broken and had sharp edges. This is very dangerous. It is unclear why they use damaged dishes and give them to children.  The dish "Crispy Noodle with Sweet & Sour Sauce" does not match the description in the menu. The menu photo shows noodles with sauce, but in reality, we received a dish that looks like soup.
R78    Really liked it.  Deliciously prepared food.  Will visit here again. Very tasty Tom-Yum
R78    Honestly a hit-or-miss place. I've tried multiple dishes, some I didn't like at all (noodles, soups), while others were really good. I recommend to try dal fry, masala, and similar Indian dishes here.
R78    Something good, but something like this roll with shrimps at the photo, try to find shrimps It feels like roulette
R78    Ordered hot garlic beef sauce. At first texture seemed strangely soft and then checked colour of the beef. Beef was almost completely raw! Don’t go to this place unless you want to be utterly disappointed.
R78    Mmmn, that coconut soup is delicious!!! And all the rest))
R78    Ahhh...food was good! Not spicy actually. Crispy eggplant and naan was suprisingly delicious!
R78    I very much enjoyed every time I come here. Tom Yum chicken soup was delicious.
R78    While the prices are okay the actual food was rather disappointing. I got the spring rolls and crispy noodles and they didn't taste like much of anything. So honestly I cannot recommend this place as of right now. And just so you know the crispy noodles are literally crispy noodles, I expected a regular noodle dish with crispy fried ingredients but I got a sauce with vegetables and a bowl of deep fried noodles. But that might have been my mistake because I didn't ask what exactly they meant by the name.
R78    Daily spcials quickly and big portions
R78    Food is delicious, portions, I would say, quite big (make you full) and good quality! A lot of options what to choose to eat. I really loved the atmosphere - very cozy, clean, staff was very caring and polite. I was feeling very welcomed. I would love to come back. Thank you!! :)
R78    We were pleasantly surprised by the quality of daily fish - sweet and sour pork was prepared really well. Daily offer price is also very reasonable.
R78    Meat was not of the highest quality, rest was OK. I was kinda disappointed with the choice of beverages. My fellow Poles should instantly notice that this restaurant is what we call in our country "chinol".
R78    The food was disgusting! They clearly had used old ingredients! We ordered some chicken and lamb dishes and in both meat was old and awful! I don't recomand this restaurant to anyone! If you want to get food poisoning go there!
R78    Sadly not up to bar with rest of the asian restaurants. Dumplings had hardly any filling(sauce it came with did not have any taste and was cold), noodles could have used salt, latte was watery- surely not made with milk. Peking chicken was alright. No feedback was asked. Hoped for more
R78    The worst experience. Food is not good. Yes, big portions. But the taste is nowhere near asian. The chicken in fried rice is not fried, it’s boiled, probably from yesterday.
R78    Really tasteless food, worst crispy honey chicken I have ever tasted. Beef was ok, at least edible.
R78    Super tasty food. Very polite and nice staff. For me this one is best in Tartu. Highly recommended to try the food here.
R78    Easy and delicious 😋
R78    Rated by my 8-y old son.
R79    A jewel in the hotel. The lamb I had was tender and the flavors they combined were fabulous. The best surprise was a dessert that is one of the best I've had in the world (before you ask, yes, I've traveled the world and live in France where Michelin stars can be found...) Creative and well plated...my only regret is I won't have time to try another meal.
R79    I was really excited to try the Fii restaurant because my friend told me it was his best restaurant experience ever. Unfortunately, my expectations were not met. The service was great, the waitress was very kind. Amouse-bouche was filo pastry filled with mozzarella, it was a pleasant surprise. For my starter I had beef tartare which immediately upon arrival surprised me with its colour and texture. It was brown, dry and over-seasoned. It tasted ok, but not like a true beef tartare. For my main I had beef sirloin with fondant potato, mushroom sauce and carrot. The meat and sauce were really tasty, the fondant potato was overpowered by the rosemary and the carrot had a bit of a stale taste. I saw reviews similar to mine so I guess something changed over time in this restaurant. It had a Michelin recommendation, but as of recently doesn’t anymore, which makes sense. Overall I was disappointed by the food experience, because I expected it to be one of the highlights of my short Tartu visit and it was just way too expensive for what it was.
R79    Wonderful restaurant! We came here for dinner and took the 5 course menu. Everything was delicious. The cocktails were amazing. We recommend visiting.
R79    Got to try out Restoran Fii for the first time for ‘Maitsev Tartu’ event. Menu was very interesting and creative - I mean look at the photos! I really enjoyed lovely service that was provided. Definitely will go back!
R79    We had a great waitress during the evening we visited. She did a great job but ended up having to keep apologizing on behalf of the kitchen for the long waiting times and poor food quality at this Michelin Guide recommended restaurant.  The beef picanha was a chunk of fibrous sinews. It didn't taste fresh or flavourful either. We asked for the plate to be returned to the kitchen. Our waitress informed that the kitchen tasted and agreed that it was a really bad cut that should not have been served but we were still charged for it.  Waiting times in between dishes despite an almost empty restaurant were terribly long. Besides the beef, the fish dishes fared better but overall the food here has nice presentations but leave guests disappointed.  For desserts, we had yet another unpleasant experience with "Chocolate". This tasted like someone diluted chocolate with water, froze it and decided it chic to serve it as dessert.  Our meal that evening:  STARTERS - 48°c Pähkla Trout - Grilled leek - Beef tartare  MAINS - Artic Char - Beef picanha  DESSERTS - Chocolate  - Tikri mille feuille  - Brewed coffee  - Tea
R79    Had the 7-course degustation menu which was creative and delicious. They also agreed to provide us a vegetarian version as we booked ahead. About atmosphere, the place itself is really nice but the view is on a parking lot. So it's nicer in the dark when you can't see it
R79    What an outstanding experience! We took the tasting menu and each dish was more of a surprise than the previous one. The stand outs were definitely the raviolis and tartare. Also the mushroom soup as an amuse!! Amazing. The chef has clearly done a great job at coming up with unique flavour combinations. The service was also really friendly and attentive. The restaurant is also fairly small so you can enjoy a quiet dinner. The only thing to note is they don't have many vegetarian options if that's what you're looking for.
R79    After bringing the issue to the restaurant’s attention, they responded quickly and professionally, showing real commitment to improving. I appreciate their effort and am happy with how they handled everything. Looking forward to visiting again soon!
R79    Found this restaurant through tripadvisor, it was top 1 and marked with Michelin star. I’m not an expert but decided to visit. We booked a table for family through website, but when we arrived it was totally empty. They just served for us and we left, for an 1-1,5h we didn’t saw anyone coming. We ordered some Calamari and Strawberry ice-cream. There were no kids menu in paper but officiant informed us about available kids options and we ordered pasta with chicken for our son. All dishes looked great and taste was totally something new for us - great, wonderful and only good emotions. We all enjoyed, and even our son told us in a first time without asking from him, that pasta is great.
R79    Had a great evening at Fii. The best thing about this place is the staff. Super friendly and attentive, they made us feel very welcome and taken care of.  The contemporary menu was good and very nicely presented although my main, the octopus pasta was a little bland. Prices are on the higher end but overall I'd return as everything else was great.  Had a good atmosphere and decor, very happy with our visit.
R79    Fii is quite good restaurant in the corner of Lõunakeskus and hotel Sophia. Excellent service and calm, neutral but stylish interior. Food has been always good or very good, too. Always check their special offers. You can enter either from parking lot outside the building or inside Lõunakeskus between gaming area and beauty salon next to upper parking lot.
R79    I think the food was okay there . I got breakfast there because it was included in the hotel Sophia package. There wasn't a big selection because it was a buffet. Most of the foods there were dried up like all the vegetables and fruits. The pancakes were hard from the edges and most of the food was very greasy for breakfast, it was hard to find something to eat. The seating area was nice but I was a bit uncomfortable. The food was a little bland.
R79    Great food! It may not be the coolest place with a beautiful view, but good food outweighs everything! Whipped butter for a snack ... adorable! Nice evening!Thanks!
R79    I tryed the menu for Maitsev Tartu and I think it is one of the best ones i have tryed with thos programm. The food was very good and tho it may seem that the portions are quite small, then if I  ate all the 3 courses, i was so full. All the flavours blended together so well ❤️. Altho Fii's prices are quite high, it is totally worth the Michelins recommendation. In the pictures there are Maitsev Tartu menu pre course and dessert.
R79    Ordered tartar and langoustine served with inked pasta. Tartar was OK: 6,5/10. Nothing special, but really enjoyable. Second dish was 1/10: pasta was dry, langoustine was tasteless (for some reason it was served with 8 claws... why?), tomato-parmesan sauce tasted like cheap ready-to-eat canned tomato sauce from budget grocery store. Disappointment.
R79    The food - fish and duck, was delicious, starters good and the chef’s truffle soup was excellent. The service was unfortunately not at par with food. Waitress mixed up orders, was late in delivering and did not have eyes on guests at all. They just came to the table when they thought was appropriate for them. No way to summon them when you needed something. The ambience was nice but nothing special. 5 stars for food, 3 stars minus for service.
R79    Excellent service and even better food. Well worth the short drive from city.
R79    Definitely will not suggest this place. Desert was terrible, coffee even more! For starter take fish, just a regular fish, nothing special, price is too big for this kind of product. Second dish was ok, not good not bad, just ok, because also at these dishes didn’t feel nothing special. This place is overrated!!!
R79    Nice and fashionable restaurant Fii in Sophia hotel. 2 conference rooms are available also. Nice and tasty menu dishes. Very professional and polite service. Reasonable prices.
R79    Every waiter and waitress were excellent and making their work with heart! Food is amazing, really made with care. Visited during Tasty Tartu special event! Going back soon. :-)
R80    The owner is super lovely and does a great job as cook and also serving his guests. The falafel are wonderful - perfekt crunch and great tastes. Also the shawarma roll was tasty and the dessert was amazing. Highly recommended to visit this place 😊
R80    Super leckere Falafeln die außen richtig schön kross und innen weich sind. Auch der shawarma Warp hat super gut geschmeckt. Der Besitzer ist wahnsinnig nett, sodass wir gerne wiederkommen werden!
R81    Nice people are working here, menu is small but delicious, portions are pretty big and look and taste great! Interior is modest and spacious with panoramic windows. I like it.
R81    Good for a break during the museum visit. It is a bright and large space. There is (only) one vegetarian dish on the menu (pasta with veggie) when I went there. There is also a large cake selection, including savory options.
R81    Good Place to visit for all who loves History and good for Children..its good to buy full ticket =14€ n for students/ discount tickets =10€, separate tickets are also there... good place near park to visit..thanks
R81    Nice looking restaurant but for vegetarians nearly nothing, for vegans nothing. Don’t understand how such a modern restaurant can only serve dead animals
R81    Taste 3,5/5, service 3/5 price 2/5, cleaningnes 2/5. Will come back 2/5, will choose for lunch while in Tartu 0/5.
R81    Only cakes for vegetarians..
R81    Great food and nice environment.
R81    Super !
R81    Привітний персонал, світлий простір. Страва була дещо сухою і нецікавою на смак, пиво було добре
R81    Super interjöör ja söögiriistad. Toitude serveering ja visuaalne külg on parem kui maitse aga maitsegi on hea, kuid toit oli veidi seisnud muljega. Üks huvitavaid Bæuf à la tartar serveeringud mis söönud olen.
R81    Ystävällistä henkilökuntaa, hyvä kielitaito. Kaunis ja valoisa korkea tila, kukkia pöydissä. Saimme gluteenitonta ruokaa ja maitoallerginen tytär sai annoksensa myös täysin maidottomana. Päivän lounas oli todella hyvää, annoskoko runsas ja leipä erinomaista, jopa superhyvää. Kanasalaattiannos oli vaaaaltava!! Kiitos!
R81    Väga head toidud! Very tasty meals!
R81    Polegi nii suures ja avaras sõõgisaalis einestanud. Head päevapakkumised
R81    Päevapraad menüüs kirjas " Kohafilee koorekastmega" - tegelikult koha - koorekastmes ( kalamaitseline koorekaste ) Pettumus, kui praad lauale toodi. Selline nimetus menüüs eeldab ikka kala tükina. Maitse väga hea, aga kala me küll ei saanud.
R81    Väga huvitav püsiekspositsioon. Külastasin ka kunstinäitust ühtlasi
R81    Väga maitsvad päevapakkumised
R81    Ei mitään vaihtoehto kasvissyöjälle.
R81    Maitsvad söögid, tekkis tahmine uuesti tulla proovima.
R81    Hea toit. Palju ruumi. Meeldiv koht.
R81    Hea toit.
R82    Delicious pizza with great beer selection. Small pizza with cheese filling crust is big enough to extinguish two person’s hunger ❤️
R82    Toit on mega. Koht on hubane.
R82    Linna parim pitsa!
R83    Very inspiring place. There are often interesting musical performances or fashion shows in the court.
R83    Sweet place for summer concerts in Tartu
R83    Little shops with handcraft.
R83    Väga ilus ja puhas koht väli terass kus vihmase ilma korral istuda. Seal pidid toimuma ka väli üritused (veel pole sattunud ühelegi) kuna ma seal käisin esimest korda.
R83    Lutsu 5, Tartu 58.382222, 26.718889     ‎    58° 22' 56.00", 26° 43' 8.00"  В Старом городе в Тарту находится удивительное место - Гильдия Святого Антониуса, объединяющая профессиональных художников и ремесленников. Название Антониус происходит от святого Антония.  Летом во дворе Антониуса открыто кафе и проходят концерты. В настоящий момент в мастерских и ателье Гильдии Святого Антониуса представлена 21 разновидность художественного и ремесленного мастерства: витражное, керамика, кожевенное дело, ковровое и лоскутное дело, мода, текстиль и роспись по фарфору. Гости могут понаблюдать за процессом работы, приобрести и заказать авторские работы. По договоренности организуются различные курсы и экскурсии.
R83    Õdus kohake kontserdi, maitsva kohvi nautimiseks.
R83    Väga lahe koht
R83    Hea muusika, lastele tegevust.
R84    Fine if you're drunk and looking for a midnight snack. In that case yes! Would recommend eating here. If you are considering this option for your dinner, keep on looking!
R84    Best burger in Tartu! Young guys passionately delivering with results
R84    Fast, cosy, cool manager, menu has variety both meat and vegan (vegan made on different grill pan).
R84    Best burger ever!
R84    Very big and very yummy maxi dog 🍆
R84    so yummy
R84    Juustupallid seest väga pehmed ja maitsvad, aidati istekoha leidmisel
R84    Hullult hea burks. Päriselt ka!
R84    Best laetud friikad !!! ❤️❤️❤️
R85    Beautiful Estonian cuisine in the heart of Tartu! I enjoyed the Mohk which is a traditional Estonian dish of mashed potatoes with barley groats, bacon, onion, gherkin and sour cream! Very nice! Vegan options are also available.
R85    Feel free to eat there if you have plenty of time to waste, but please make sure that you are not hungry if you wanna try.  Food is just fine , and you need to wait ten minutes for the waitress come to order, 30 minutes for a drink and one hour for the food.
R85    Food was terrible! Very simple, definetly not worth the price! Waiter asked multiple times what drinks we ordered and couldn't recomend any meals for us. All the meals were bad! You can come here only for drinks, but anyway Aperol costs 9 euros and doesn't look like Aperol.
R85    Cocktails were horrible, without ice and warm, also took 20 minutes to get one drink. Definitely not returning
R85    Horrible experience as we waited outside with menu and no waitress to be seen. We decided to go inside to ask for our food but we were greeted with rude waitress who angrily said “can you wait for few minutes! and sit somewhere on the table!”. They didn’t even say hello, and they had zero customer. We didn’t stay for any longer and walked away. Don’t recommend as this is not the first time we have tried to eat there
R85    Terrible service, dirty tables stay longer than hour. If you ask to clean table- you will be ignored. Strange food and salad. Knife and fork was dirty for all three person. Asked for pear cider, but they served cherry one without question or apologies. Young personnel without experience. Just- walk away. Honest.
R85    Tasty food and great staff. It looks a bit pricey at first, but the portions are big. We came for dinner as a group of 5, which seemed overwhelming for the new waitress, but she put in a lot of effort and made us feel very welcome :)
R85    Very tasty Estonian food, a big portion! We really appreciate that when asked about Gluten Free foods, they knew straight away what would and would not contain gluten. The service fast and friendly.
R85    Very good estonian kitchen, very very friendly people and they also had some vegetarian/vegan choices. Thumbs up and thanks for having us!
R85    It took more than an hour to make the pizza even though there weren't many customers
R85    Tasty food, medium portions -we tried Metsamor and Tasuja. Beer was a little underfilled but service was good. They are generous with mashed potatoes and have it in every main.
R85    Nice pizza with blue cheese. Nice deco of the cafe. Friendly staff.
R85    We had excellent experience with Ruuni Pubi. They organised our post-funeral reception, which was very thoughtful. They advised us on traditions and how to do it.  The lady who served us was absolutely amazing, and she was very thoughtful and made sure we had a quiet and safe environment.  We were very grateful to Ruuni Pub and the time we spent there.
R85    I wonder how this place manages to stay open with such poor service. The interior is crude and looks unfinished, the tables are dirty and scratched. Language skills of the waitress were low. Some of the items listed in the menu aren't even in stock. Waited around 30 minutes for the food, but i guess it could have been worse. The food wasn't really good, but not terrible. On the other hand, the "hot chicken salad" was completely cold, a dish, which was supposed to have pork in it maybe had three teaspoons of minced pork. When we asked for a "small" beer, we were served and charged for a "big" one. Don't even bother going here to check the place out. If you're not going here to maybe get drunk, then it's not worth it.
R85    For 15 EUR for a course, the food was very primitive. Totally not worth it. There are much better places around. Even accross the street.
R85    We drank a coffee and ate cheese rolls and ice cream. Everything was delicious and the price was reasonable. The service was really young and inexperienced, but she tried her best and was kind.
R85    Amazing service and tasty Estonian food 👏
R85    Does not deserve the name. Service slow  and nobody speaks Estonian or English. Food is way below average. No bread given with soup. Avoid this place.
R85    Great Estonian food and friendly staff with great atmosphere. Right in the middle of Old Town.
R85    A visually appealing facility, but everything else is pure horror. Don't even think about going inside.
R86    The food was really good, we will certainly visit again. It took quite a while to get the food, but it was worth it. Portion sizes were big.
R86    Trully authentic Balkan restaurant with very tasty food and good service!
R86    Excellent service, very tasty food, beautiful atmosphere, nice Greek music in the center of Tartu.
R86    Dolma was my favorite. Better than expected. Bastırma is not a meal to try but you can eat if u drink beer I would say. This Bastırma is totally different.  Overall, the place was nice and silent. Worth to go.
R86    It indeed has a variety of Balkan dishes, but the main courses are expensive, starting from €13. You have to use stairs to get into the restaurant. The atmosphere is not something special.
R86    Best place for lunch, if you want some good shashlik. It is freshly made and very delicious, meal only costs 5.5€.
R86    Nice Balkan restaurant.  The food was good and the waiter was friendly.  There are steep stairs to the restaurant.
R86    Best place for eat some Balkan foods. The meals is like Turkish foods. I love the place.
R86    Popped in for lunch, very nice dishes. I highly recommend.
R86    Fresh food, well cooked, you can have a feeling of Balkans in here. Unfortunately the portions are way much smaller then in Bulgaria also missing the variety of menu selections. I loved the music that was played and the service is purely great
R86    Good and tasty 👅 authentic food. Very nice service.
R86    An amazing Balkan resturant with delicious food and cozy atmosphere.
R86    Very tasty authentic food, hospitable owner. Many vegetarian options. We loved this place!
R86    The feta cheese wasn't feta cheese. The food wasn't very good, and it was quite expensive for its price. But the place is nice (decoration, I mean) and the Greek music was also nice. So, it's a good place to go if you are not hungry, but you need to listen Vasilis Karras.
R86    I liked the service. Food was good too, I ate chicken. The salad had a bit too much vinegar for me (but maybe they use more vinegar in that type of food)
R86    Great food, efficient service. Can't recomend enough!
R86    Really cozy place with really home like food. Pretty recommend if you like to experience short trip to your lovely uncle in Bulgaaria
R86    A great experience, great food, great service. Perfect dinner place
R86    Definitely a nice place to dine and it's not usually crowded. They serve an amazing and tasty gulyash and nice salads.
R86    Enjoyed the food and the service was so friendly and welcoming. I felt I was being served by a family. However it was a little expensive for the quality level.
R87    The only sushi place in Tartu that didn’t disappoint me! The sushi was delicious! The service was great and even though they had a huge amount of Wolt orders, our food got to us super quickly. Tiramisu was also super tasty, but needed to warm up a bit.  The sign outside their door really was right, they do have the best sushi in town. Would recommend 100%!
R87    Excellent sushi, very fast service. Highly recommend.
R87    today i ordered sushi for the first time on the recommendations of my friends and i decided to try this famous sushi that many of my friends talk about and it was a great experience 😍 fresh seafood fast delivery and very tasty food thank you very much i will definitely come back
R87    Good sushi and vegan options.
R87    Didn’t even have the chance to try the food cause one employee said go somewhere else if you want big platters, we don’t sell this shit here
R87    Absolutely amazing!! Super fresh, nice presentation, menu has different options. Totally fell in love with their kimchi mayo!! Tempura makis are super crispy outside and just perfection inside! All the sushis hold together super nicely too.
R87    Most definitely BEST sushi in Tartu. Recommending this place to everyone who loves good sushi!!
R87    The food was amazing. The prawn tempura with the kimchi mayonnaise was amazing
R87    It's notably better than any other sushi place in Tartu. Fresh, good taste and presentation and a menu with really interesting options.
R87    It was so nice to taste some good sushi meal in our travel. Tnx , very tasty.
R87    Good sushi, bad customer service and front stage team. No greeting, no helping choosing sushi, faces like if you owe something rather than paying money.
R87    I had EXCELLENT sushi here on saturday and wanted to come back on sunday...and it's closed! The only downside to this restaurant is that they close on Sundays 😬🥲
R87    Amazing. Super delicious.
R87    Best sushi in Tartu! Very fresh and tasty👍🏻
R87    Best sushi that I have ever eaten and very quick service :)
R87    Really good sushi salad, quick service and nice stuff!
R87    One of the best, if not the best sushi in Tartu
R87    Good. Might be the best in Tartu.
R87    Tellisin esimest korda. Kôik maitses väga hästi. Riis on hästi tehtud. Kreveti hoso oli ka väga maitsev (kuigi tellisin kurgi oma) 😄 Õnneks mul oli kurki kodus 🤭 Lisaks oli kõik kaunilt pakendatud. Soovitan!
R87    Ma ei tea mis teil juhtunud seal on, aga varasemalt oli teil parim sushi Tartus! Keskpärane
R88    This place deserves a good rating! Service is very pleasant, it is quite warm inside, quick food food making process and most importantly - great taste! Price to portion size ratio is decent, no matter if dining in or for take out. Recommended! :)
R88    This has to be the best kebab in all Estonia. Don't let the simple name fool you, this is a GREAT fast food restaurant. We try to eat here at least once every 1 or 2 months. Their kebab plate is ready within 10 minutes, and it comes with amazing, juicy yet crisp veal kebab, freshly fried thin fries, a generous serving of fresh salad, and a salsa and a ranch type of yogurt dressing. Prices are still like it was 2019. You can eat inside too, the furniture is cute and they have restrooms.
R88    The best place in the city. Shawarma is really big. Prepare yourself. And 🌶️
R88    Isgender is the best. Even small portion is enough.
R88    The Kebap is okay. Not great and crispy but not bad in any way. The pizza is disappointing.
R88    Little bit salty kebab, but still delicious. They serve a huge portion, so a medium kebab plate can be shared by 2. It's adorable and fast and so far not crowded. Seating inside is comfortable.
R88    The food was delicious for the right price. I tried kebab with fries and apple juice, I had an issue with the juice it had fungus, so be careful.
R88    The left one ?!!? I ordered kebab in pita but got kebab with cookies.
R88    Basic pizzas and basic kebab. Bomb proof concept. Nothing fancy. Dining hall was cozy and toilet clean. Self service (covid) was friendly.
R88    You can find delicious and affordable food choices here. I have tested both pizza and kebab in this restaurant and they were all great 👍
R88    I like the kebab here
R88    Very good kebab
R88    Great place to visit but I only have a problem with parking space.
R88    Classic hoodfood. Budget, bang for buck and super tasty!
R88    Very nice place. Cheap and very good food
R88    cheap but average pizza. Interior is nice!
R88    Good service for me and my dog
R88    No English speaking service and no falafel
R88    Best kebab in town!
R88    Cheap, fast & tasty kebab
R89    Absolute recommendation - We’ve had a wonderful experience! The location is great, central but calm, with a nice view over the river. Decor is modern and cozy. The menu is small but refreshingly original. Food and drinks were amazing! Plus, the staff was absolutely delightful. We’ll definitely pop by again!
R89    This could easily be one of the best places in Tartu and yet it fails to deliver. Location is perfect, view is perfect. And there it kinda stops. Service is mediocre, but at least the girls try hard  My biggest issue is with the food. It looks fab and entrees are. Main courses, though, major let down: I make better duck (watch Gordon Ramsay for 3min to learn how), what the hell is "vegetarian duck" - did you completely ran out of ideas? The only good main was white fish but that was exactly the same as kids fish dish - slightly bigger but priced 3x vs kids fish.  So, order entrees, or kids menu, forget mains. And enjoy views
R89    Very nice fine dining restaurant in Tartu. All the food was delicious and very unique. The service was excellent, they even brought out a flower vase with water for our flowers. Sometimes the service was a bit slow, but nothing too bad. I'm rating it 4 stars because the food is quite expensive.
R89    the food was really good but the portions were small. This restaurant mostly focuses on sea food, but in general it was delicious! The servis was outstanding, every dish was presented and explained like what is in there and how unique it is. Really interesting to listen! The atmosphere is relaxed and not too expensive and it was really comfortable and cozy (the toilets were my favorite!)
R89    The portions were on a small side, place leans towards a five star restaurant but doesn’t meet the overall quality. Something was bit off nevertheless food was tasty and good quality.
R89    Ribs was amazing also steak and also im drunk
R89    Such a absolute fantastic surprice. Just stopped randomly and found this gem ❤️ Being so creative on just a simple thing as Fish & Chips and the extreme pain when the portion runs out 😩😅❤️
R89    Worst service ever. Take 15 min to catch the waitress. They just run away from you. Waitresses doesn’t know the menu. Just no reaction to the guest. No any order in service. The worst experience ever with. Cocktails from the bottle for 9€, bartender prepares it just in 30sek.
R89    Nice place to eat with river view and lively vibe. Food is great as well as service.
R89    The waitress was extremely rude, you had the feeling she is going to spunk you!!!! The prices are way to high. She charged also the tap water 3 euro!!!!
R89    Stellar service and fine dining.
R89    In conclusion: I had serious case of food poisoning so it is by far the most horrible food experience I have had in all my life.  To start with, when we arrived (on time...) there was no room to sit, the table was still dirty from previous clients and we had to stand there in front of the open kitchen and just wait. Then one of the waitress'es pushed and stuffed our outdoor clothes in a small corner. The restaurant is so small but fully stuffed with tables I was amazed that the waitresses didn't fall down or have an accident. Also if in the kitchen something burns then the whole restaurant can smell it. It was so unpleasant.  I ordered BEEF TARTARE. The food was served beautifully and on time, but when the waitress told us that the beef was from Uruguay, I was already a little concerned. The risks of the beef to get contaminated when imported from so far a country are already higher than average.  After an hour or so I started feeling tired and my stomach started hurting so we went home quickly. There started serious nausea, stomach cramps and chills. The feeling was so bad that I thought I was gonna die. Some symptoms and weakness lasted for several days! I couldn't work nor live a normal life.  I called the restaurant next day to let them know and ask if anybody else has informed them. If they asked what I ate and I answered then their response was "Beef tartare is always a risky food to pick". This answer indicates that the waitress has either never had food poisoning (or doesn't know what it is) or just doesn't care enough to analyze the situation. I am not in a risk group and trying different foods in different restaurants has never had this outcome. So the waitress clearly just wanted the call to end fast so she can get on with her line of work.  This restaurant had a well enough reputation for me to have the courage to try their TARTARE. But it seems they don't process the food correctly and safely and they import ingredients which may cause digestion distress or (in my case) serious poisoning for clients. The experience has left a scar for my whole life. Even more that it was my birthday evening.  I will never visit this restaurant again. Nor recommend it to my friends. Nor visit the other restaurants of this owner.  Also let my family doctor know about the situation in this restaurant.
R89    Excellent lunch all around. Friendly server who set up a table outside despite some recent rain. We found the food to be of high quality and service professional and attentive. As to the other reviews about the price point, the menu is posted outside so if it’s too expensive for you, eat elsewhere. We’d highly recommend it!
R89    Very much worth a visit. Well textured food (try the black cod) and a reasonable selection of wine. Very scenic. Siigur has done it again. Thanks!
R89    This is easily my most loved place in Tartu, I usually don’t give ratings, but this one and the bar next to it has given me enough memories to last a lifetime , couldn’t have had been possible without those people who work there. Love tartu love this place more with those fondest memories
R89    Great place, nice place to enjoy on the river bank!
R89    New interior and really nice food. Best service in town! But hope to see better quality chicken in the future!!!!
R89    VERY delicious food and great friendly service :D Definitely would go there again
R89    Sorry but it is not okay that one person wait one and a half hour for his food
R89    Only good thing about this place is the location. Great view and good spot to people-watch. Service super slow. Waiter has no idea about the menu and what they serve. Took about an hour for the food to arrive. Prices quite high. Do not reccomend!
R90    Always try their daily offers they are amazing. They have a fun stamp paper to collection system to get free daily offer. Also before 12am you can get free dessert fo breakfast
R90    Nice service, ramen and pelmenid were tasty, pancakes were a bit bland and had not enough jam for a serving
R90    Bought ramen with grilled duck. It was very good, duck cooked deliciously: smoky and tender. Surprisingly much of it too :)
R90    The only taste we got from the burgers was smokey. Overpowered everything else and was not at all pleasant.
R90    great coffee and desserts and very nice service !
R90    Susanna & the chefs 🖤
R90    Väga hea ja kvaliteetne toit, Liha oli pehme,mahlane ja hästi maitsestatud, nii head toitu pole varem mitte kuskil mujal saanud. Kindlasti üks parimaid kohti hea-ning kvaliteetse kogemuse saamiseks. Võtsime Lõhe, ribid, pardifilee, krevetipasta ning antrekoodi.  teenindus oli samuti super tore, kindlasti külastame uuesti!
R90    Уютное местечко. Вкусный кофе. Дружелюбное обслуживание.  По вину пока к сожалению советов не дали,объяснили тем,что только открылись.
R90    Väga maitsev gurmeelik õhtusöök, kindlasti tulen tagasi ja maitsen ka muid valikuid menüüst!
R90    Очень вкусно! Приятное заведение.
R90    Ei tööta midagi ja pole toitu☹️👎
R90    Huvitav menüü, igaüks peaks leidma sobiva eine. Maitsvad toidud ja hinna-kvaliteedi suhe paigas! Meeldiv ja abivalmis teenindus. Õdus atmosfäär, võib olla muusika võib natukene valjemini olla, nii ei kuuleks eskalaatori töötamist.
R90    1. женщина блондинка очень приятная (девушка). Ээ обслуживание хорошое, я заказала пасту с курицей и соусом дорблю, на вид может показаться, что порция маленькая, но оказалась очень сытная ( не доела). 2. Да. Еда очень вкусная, мягко приготовленная, приятная женщина, я бы с ней пообщалась. Музыка спокойная и хорошая. Приятная компания (это включено в цену ресторана). Ну вообщем всё. 3. Ну, в общем, на вид может показаться, что место маленькое, но мест тут много, вместительно. Еда в принципе вкусная, но вот только рис, которой я ела, вообще не был посолен. Даже без специй. Но это не минус, съела меньше и завтра точно буду не бегемотом. В общем всё мне понравилось. Советую набить живот тут каждому. Приятного аппетита, до скорых встреч!
R90    Suurepärane kogemus. Atmosfäär on väga šikk, toidud (nii maitse kui presentatsioon) kiiduväärt ning ka teenindus jättis väga meeldiva mulje. Menüüs on veel nii mõndagi, mida maitsta sooviks, nii et kindlasti külastame teinekordki.
R90    Toit on väga hea, teenindus suurepärane! Kindlasti tuleb tagasi minna, kuna menüüs on veel palju asju mida tahaks proovida.
R90    Teenindus väga meeldiv.
R90    Viihtyisä nurkkaus Taskussa!
R90    Maitses väga hästi. Suurepärane teenindus. Rikkalik menüü.
R90    Suurepärane maitseelamus! Parajad portsud ja sõbralik teenindaja. Kindlasti kordame.
R90    Väga maitsvad, hõrgud toidud, teenindus kiire, sõbralik, koogid maitsvad.
R91    Ribs were very tasty, but I've got confused when in a middle of my meal officiant came with POS to get his payment. I was literally putting meal in mouth and the guy was standing next to my table holding the POS. Seriously awkward exp :-)))
R91    Food was good. Nothing special but well worth the money anyway. Dish sizes are quite big too. Service on the other hand was pretty poor. The waitress barely spoke anything.
R91    The best food I’ve had in Estonia so far. The salmon was cooked perfectly.
R91    The steak was delicious, the fries were ok. Service could have been faster.
R91    Nice place, close to our accommodation.  Now it was a noisy birthday party.  The food was good.
R91    Medival looking resturant with many modern options. Service was very nice
R91    This place is raising again from ashes, and gets better and better. The Grill as a name could mean more to get a five star. Favourite place to hang out with friends and very quiet to have conversations compared to other places, if not attacked by drunk and loud FIN's (no hard feelings :) ).
R91    This was in their daily menus, I forgot the exact name, but it was pork meat. I love the way they decorate. I wouldn't say taste was best in city, but worth to pay 6euros. This is one of the good restaurants just outside the city center.
R91    I really love their chicken shashlik. Portions are really big. Best place in Tartu
R91    Really big portions, even the appetizers. So consider sharing a portion, otherwise you’ll be stuffed!
R91    I'm quite ambivalent about this restaurant. When you're out for good food this is the place. Perfectly prepared and in more than sufficient quantities. The restaurant is located in an old vaulted cellar, which gives a rustic impression. Unfortunately, the interior can't keep up at all. It was somewhere in the middle between a high school cafeteria and a navy chow hall and therefore not really inviting. The service is typical Estonian. Friendly but they neither look left nor right when servicing a table so you might end up with an empty glass for a while. Pro-tip: being attentive might cause your tip-jar gaining significant overweight really fast.
R91    Delicious and good service. Very big portions!!! 😊
R91    The food was delicious but the portions for the big price were awfully small. I always have leftovers from a restaurant but this time I was so hungry after eating that we had to go to another restaurant. Seats were a bit claustrophobic for me as well
R91    Absolutely amazing food. Lulja kebab was so good, tasty, fresh, juicy. Reminds me of childhood summer garden grill with family
R91    When we arrived we waited 20 minutes to get the menu and their grill was not working, a bit sad for a grill restaurant. We have waited 1h15 to get our food, it was not bad but not worth the waiting time. However the Georgian bread with cheese on it was super nice!
R91    The food is not bad, but the service and staff as such are..☠️☠️ Owner untrained georgian creature. If you want to eat normally in a good establishment with good service, this is definitely not the place for you.
R91    Amazing place and amazing kitchen!
R91    Had to wait for 20 minutes to give an order. It took more then a hour to get our food (3 people). Food was tasteless and rather expensive. Worst outside eating experience in my life.
R91    Food was good but the 8€ chicken sashlik portion was too small. My girlfriend with a small appetite couldn't be full.
R91    Better skip the soups as they are not worth your time and proceed directly to main courses, which are quite OK and have wonderful grill aftertaste (place deserves its name). Size of portions is impressive.
R92    This is indeed the best place for Kebab in whole Tartu, without hesitation. Just amazing quality, the price worth it, portion is enough. Once I have discovered the place, i stopped ordering from other places. I add my favorite meal of menu!
R92    Excellent, tasty, full-flavoured Persian food! One of the best restaurant in town! Me and my wife ordered Kebab; and it was simply just perfect! We definitely go there again 😉
R92    Thank you very much for hosting our company's dinner :) Everything was very tasty and we had wonderful host&chef.
R92    thank you for the delicious food and the nice atmosphere🙏🏻👍🏻
R92    Delicious and healthy. Sides were interesting, too. I've tried their chicken Kabab, and beaf Kabab: 10/10. I would also recommend their vegetarian dish: Kookoo!
R92    I am so glad we found you ! This place is Amazing, the food is so tasty and unique, every little thing on the plate is so tasty and thought through, everything together tastes just amazing. We had the Mix kebab plate and Tahchin rice with chiken. The product is fresh and pretty large plates considering the low price ! Absolutely our new fave and in my opinion best quality and quantity place in Tartu. Very, very much recommend. Oh ! And it also smells so good!
R92    Perfect example of delicious Persian cuisine. Thank You Amir!
R92    best quality, made with best ingredients, every thing was so fresh and perfectly cooked, Ash was made with tasty vegetables and well cooked, Jujeh was so juicy and fresh, Tahchin was so delicious and all were served beautifully. we also had some yogurt with herbs and marinated olive, both were so fresh and tasty.. I recommend it for sure !
R92    I´d like to say, I enjoyed every single bite of the meal. I had a 3 course meal, with desert and Persian Doogh. Considering the quality, the price is reasonable. Ideal for those who wants to try really different food in Estonia. Highly recommended
R92    Place has a pleasent atmosphere, food's smell good and taste even better.Never had a rice that good before.
R92    Incredibly tasty Persian cuisine - the mixed kebab and Tahchin I tried were fantastic. Definitely recommend giving them a try!
R92    Fantastic authentic food with amazing taste and so carefully prepared. Food smells like heaven and tastes even better. 10/10 recommend
R92    It was a memorable experience dining at polobox. Amazing staff, quality Food, I recommend everyone to give it a shot n I bet you would not resist to dine again at Polobox
R92    Delicious and high quality food. Definitely recommended.
R92    It was truly an experience trying this kind of food for the first time, the food quality was excellent and tasty, enjoyed it and it was worth visiting.
R92    Thank you for the amazing food and hospitality.
R92    one of the best foods that you can eat in Tartu. Definitely in my top 3
R92    Epic good food, definitely a must try in Tartu!
R92    Very good food!
R92    Not a restaurant actually, a catering
R93    Came here twice in one day! The grilled chicken was juicy, the daily lunch cheap, and the dumplings were meaty. And the waitress was very kind, making me feel welcome even though I stayed quite a while reading and writing. Would come back here if I visit Tartu again.
R93    Nice and fresh (homemade)food, nice staff, but is going the better if they serve lite bit faster.
R93    Best Armenian restaurant in the Baltic states. Great fresh food, extremely welcoming host and great price. I will come back
R93    Excellent authentic food, very kind and welcoming hosts.
R93    Great khachapuri. Friendly staff, though not all speak English they try their best to make you feel welcome. Not the greatest coffee in town though.
R93    Amazing restaurant, very good food and the service was great. I recommend !
R93    One of my usual place to order from. Friendly staff, good food. I really liked previous recipe of napoleon, that was just amazing and big sized with such a fluffy and tender cream, but they changed it for kinda worse one, smaller and not such tasty cream. I wish I could order that wonderful version of napoleon, but place still very good, recommend it.
R93    We entered the restaurant, greeted the staff in Estonian and didn't receive a reply. We proceeded to the table, and a young woman came to take our order, speaking to us directly in Russian. My partner happened to be able to answer back in Russian that we wanted the menus in English or Estonian, to which the waitress rolled her eyes and gave a dismissive rude reply. Completely unacceptable, and as a French tourist, I found this experience very unpleasant and unexpected, especially since we were speaking English to each other at the table, and if the waitress had not been wearing airpods while serving customers, she might have noticed that. Too bad, I was looking forward to armenian food!
R93    Amazingly delicious food. Best chicken I ever had.
R93    Small portions but food is great.
R93    Excellent food and music, thanks from France
R93    5-5. Everything was excellent. Food is good, service is nice. Atmosphere occupied with Ararat mountain paints, I would say I found it very artistic :) Thank you for everything.
R93    Just awesome, best dinner we had in Estonia
R93    Daily offer's level should be rethink, although price was very good. Depends from visitor's perspective.
R93    Very delicious food. Service on top ⭐️ Greetings from Latvia 🇱🇻
R93    No nonsense, fast, good Armenian food for a fair price.
R93    Very nice Armenian cousin.
R93    This cozy Armenian restaurant has left the best impressions! Hospitable hosts, delicious dishes, great service and amazing wine. I recommend to everyone! I would like to come back here again and again.
R93    Naming place with Georgian and Armenian food Cafe Smile might not be the greatest PR decision ever - but it shouldn't stop you from visiting! Food is solid and inside is nice.
R93    Nice restaurant, tasteful food. They should emphasize service in English. Waitress should talk a little more English and also the menus.
R94    Really nice place. They serve a lot of food and have multiple options. The staff was very nice and very helpful 😊 Definitely recommend eating here!
R94    It's expensive than other places but the quality is still good, English speaking staff and good atmosphere
R94    A very cozy and friendly place for coffee, meal, spending time with friends, or working alone on your computer. It’s located right on the corner, easily discoverable yet very reasonably priced. Great selection of dessert for those who crave for sweets. There is also kid area. Most surprising to me is how tasty and delicate their food are, despite the seemingly moderate price. Highly recommended for travelers who want a rest and some nice nourishing meal or a quick coffee. Table service is offered and all staffs speak very good English.
R94    Perfect place to have an early breakfast. Waiters speak English and smile a lot, so you feel welcomed. There is a special place where you can play with your kids. Kids enjoy playing there. The only thing i recommend to consider is salad dressing and have a few options to choose from. This one is tasty, but i feel that i want something else for the morning Anyway, this place is perfect for breakfasts ☕️
R94    Food was tasty, and I really like the little quotey things they put with tea 🤗 however the stuff... They were rude and not friendly at all. Cafe in general is very sweet, bright, where you can find breakfast, sweets or come just for a cup of coffee ✌️
R94    It’s a very beautiful Café and very cozy. Went there with my friends who all ordered pancakes. Pancakes were great but the pumpkin soup didn’t tasted good. And not creamy at all. Too many pumpkin seeds as well. Coffee was good, tea was weak.
R94    Reasonable prices with great location. Cake was as good as it looked, vanilla frappuchino was also very good based also on price. Would definitely go again. Coffee is a little to small for price, but can't really complain, it was good as well. Location is very easy to find. Interior is modern and homely. Would definitely visit again!
R94    I eat there often my lunch. Sometimes this is good but sometimes not very. This photo is a lunch which wasn't very tasty. It was a salmon.
R94    Cute place with lots of seats and table service. They have a coffee menu as well as an alcoholic menu. There was a lot of delicious looking sweet treats on display but we resisted the urge.  Seemed like a good place for groups / a date as it's a bit fancier. I didn't notice if there's wifi.
R94    Cozy but spacios. Good strong coffee and some quite tasty dishes. Definetely worth a visit and I was pleasantly surprised by apple crumble with ice cream. For little fellas you can also find small corner with toys and TV. It's not the fastest place so please take your time in this place for enjoying the moment.
R94    The food is good however the staff are a complete let down, they are rude and seem upset by the concept of a customer talking to them. At first I tried ordering from the counter which was met with "sit down, we will come." In a not so friendly tone. Further more when trying to get their attention the staffer rolled her eyes went to the counter, drank some coffee then came over to us.
R94    Really nice place for breakfast and work/study. It isn’t busy and loud. The staff was nice. Dog friendly
R94    Love the kind people and long service hours and the nice place to relax and then those cute quotes they leave under your coffee cup :) And then there's the mango ice cream. :)
R94    Cafe in the central of Tartu. The coffee is so good. Quite strong and good performance. The atmosphere is suitable for students who want to study with relax and chill. I like it.
R94    Excelent healthy breakfast and lunch. Perfect gelato ice cream, not so sweet, perfect taste. Perfect place for healthy living people
R94    Went for breakfast here and enjoyed delicious English breakfast and coffee.
R94    Great atmosphere and cozy place. Tasty coffee. I can't say the same about the breakfast itself because a waitress simply forgot to write it down into her notes, and there was no breakfast for me.
R94    When you change your hours, update them online instead of just lazily posting a note in your door saying “we’re closed”
R94    The food is good, but they stopped serving my favorite dish after 13:00...  Talking about pancakes with meat and cheeae.
R94    Says there's table service, but even with a half empty cafe they didn't come to us for a while so we got the menus ourselves and ordered at the front. Nice drinks and atmosphere. Good place to work/study. Well behaved dogs are allowed inside.
R95    Nice little place in the center of Tartu. Coffee is good, and they offer wraps and salads made on the spot, plus some ready-made sandwiches and baked goods. It's along a nice-looking street.  The only problem I see is the size of the place. It's small, so it can only accommodate a few people inside. If you come in a group, there may not be enough space/seats available.
R95    I have vivid memories of stopping by on my way to class or beforehand to enjoy a coffee and one of those delicious orange sponge cakes during a very cold long winter I spent in Tartu! I absolutely recommend them and I dream of that cake to this day. I just recommended it to a friend who lives there now! 😁
R95    visited during the lunch hours on a workday, but only one table was taken. as the place is small then that already was a lot, so i did not stay. a lot of people coming and just taking takeaway. the coffee was good, not overpriced. they had ready made sandwiches without meat or dairy! the staff wasn’t very welcoming but the service was fast!!
R95    Don't know exactly what went wrong here, but we did not feel like welcomed customers. Food is ok, but regarding the pictures the quality seems to have changed a lot. Service was not really interested in delivering service at all.
R95    Icy and un-empathic, careless service  Rarely met such unpleasant people who do not bother even to say the very basics…such good morning (forget about a faint smile), how can I help you or thank you and goodbye…  Sooo miserable.
R95    One of the best people watching patios in Tartu. The coffee is good, I especially like that they sell hard boiled eggs, 4min and 9min and they peel very easily. Friendly staff !
R95    One of the very few places that is open on Sunday morning. Did like very much the freshness of the ingredients and food was served relatively quickly.
R95    Quick service. Simple breakfast place. Dont expect anything to posh. Its just nice clean simple place to grab a quick bite and good coffee. I had Cesar salad(simple chicken salad with lots of mayo) fresh but far from original cesar salad. Black coffee was very good.
R95    Nice place with kind stuff
R95    Superb wraps, great prices and quantity. Fresh vegetables and ingredients.
R95    Amazing light foods such as puddings and wraps, tasty coffee from lattes to frappes to others, and brilliant service. Amazingly cozy interior with modern, industrial vibes. Great for families or students or anyone really. Would visit again ten times out of ten.
R95    😋
R95    I know there is good stuff as well, had it in the past, but recent salmon wrap was below any standards: bones in salmon, taste out of balance, bad and unhealthy sauce. Service was poor too
R95    Nice and cozy place, reminds me some similar places in Brooklyn, park slope area. I ordered a chicken burrito… absolutely good taste, but looked more like usual chicken wrap, in burrito could be more seasonings and what’s more important for me, there was no fresh cilantro. Coffee was good. The customer service staff could smile more, otherwise it was a good experience! Thank you anyways, I will be back soon.
R95    Good prices and an ok selection of breakfast food. The interior was cozy. The personnel was not that welcoming and looked tired
R95    Price quality ratio Is very nice 😁👍✨🎉🎊
R95    Amazing salads and wraps at a good price
R95    Favourite place for students because you can take away a good salad, wrap or coffee. Sometimes need to wait a little bit because every student is there at their lunch break. Would be nice to have more spacious interior and cozier sitting area.
R95    Good coffee and food, reasonable prices
R95    A small coffee/lunch shop. They have great and affordable coffee (that's machine made). They make fresch wraps and salads, and they have baked goods such as cookies and croissants. Seating is limited but comfortable. A good place to read a book but not work with your computer.
R96    Lentil soup 5 euro and chicken mango wrap 5,90 euro - for quick lunch ok.
R96    Very cute and best place to eat but the prices……yeah
R96    Super nice customer service! And very good food
R96    Cant go wrong with it
R96    Falafel sandwish was spicy and locally modified.
R96    A very decent poke bowl, not the best but good enough for a quick dinner
R96    Tore!
R96    Healthy and yummy
R96    Хорошее место для быстрого, но плотного и полезного перекуса.  4 минуты ходьбы от автобусного вокзала. 🍲Вкусный SIDRUNIKANA KAUSS, курочка и булгур тёплый 🌶 Имейте в виду, он пикантный. Необычная подача йогурта/помазки в виде шариков. Одной порции хватает для ужина. Можно взять с собой.  ⛔️Напитки не советую. Дорогие и пресные. Смузи (авокадо, шпинат,...) очень водинистый и почти бесвкусный. Комубуча чай - совсем не газированный и очень сладкий. От вкуса Ginger & Lemon ожидала совсем другого.
R96    Väga meeldiv ja sõbralik teenindus ning maitsvad kausid.
R96    Väga värske ja mõnus kõhutäis! Kindlasti külastan veel
R96    Kastet oleks võinud Poke kausil rohkem olla!
R96    Olen Poké Bowlile mitu võimalust andnud, kuid iga kord on riis poolkõva. Riis, mis võiks olla parajalt keedetud ja maitsestatud, kuid ei ole, on üle valatud rohke kastmega - mõnikord on kausipõhi nagu kastmesupp. Boba on üle keedetud ja maitsetu. Muus osas on toit okei.
R96    Töötaja tundub olevat väga väsinud ning ehk seetõttu ka ülbe ning üleolev. Kommenteeriss veel teisele inimesele minu rääkimis kohta, vist arvates, et ma ei kuule. Söök oli muidu hea.
R96    Tartu Kvartali Pole Bowlis on alati tore käia ning teenindajad on väga viisakad ja rõõmsad!
R96    Pokekausid väga maitsvad!
R96    Väga toredad teenindaja.
R96    Sõin klassikalist kana kaussi. Maitsed väga hästi tasakaalus. Eriti maitses nende kollane kaste kausis.
R96    Klassikaline boba tee oli natuke lagritsamaiguga, mis ei meeldinud. Jääkohv oli tehtud mingi lahustuvast kohvist, väga mõru. Neid ei soovitaks.
R96    super toit!
R97    The real thing. The food your grandmom would make, red plastic trays, 90s dancehall hits from radio. This is the Estonia I know, and the reason I always come back.
R97    Всё соответствует ожиданию. Нормальная столовая. Обычная еда за адекватные деньги
R97    Еда очень вкусная как бабушка так готовила.
R97    Делают хорошие крендели на заказ. Обслуживающий персонал любит похамить...
R97    Все вкусно на 5.50 можно комплексный обед получить.
R97    Toidud maitsvad ja teenindus hea
R97    väga maitsev praekala
R97    Съедобно
R97    Hubane Avar
R31    The best kebab place in Tartu. The service is very pleasant. Tables have always been clean. The food itself is the best part. Just a warning if you take a wrap, then the spicy is truly spicy.
R31    I think I died a little on the inside when they put the pita in the microwave.  Got a wrong order when I tried yesterday but it tasted rather well so I went again today. They seemed to have forgotten to put any sauce at all - driest kebab I’ve had in my life. I absolutely didn’t mind the waiting time but what I got today, quality and size-wise? I’m afraid it’s a huge no from me.
R31    Everything was fine, food tasted good and so was the service. The confusing part was the -20% signs outside because after ordering no discount was given. Also just to be aware, you get a 0,33 drink with the XL meal, not a 0,5 one. So you know to buy extra if needed. Other than that, enjoy and always take the spicy sauce too.
R31    Best kebab in Tartu, great service, clean place and good atmosphere +rep
R31    This is the best kebab in Estonia. I have never tried something like that before. The portion size is sufficient. Also the ambiance is great with nice seating arrangement. The staff is quite friendly. Highly recommended👍
R31    Decent place to try Kebab posted menu also
R31    Best kebab in town. Good portsion size, delicous. Thanks Has Kebab.
R31    This is a good kebab, exactly as it has to be. Nothing excessive, but just a right thing. Tastes better than Has kebab on Tähe/Võru street.
R31    We took a kebab plate, pita kebab and philadelphia balls. The plate sizes were big, the meat was good, really loved the garlic sauce. The cheese balls tasted not like cream cheese philadelphia, however I never tried anywhere else Philadelphia balls. The taste was nevertheless ok. The prices are pretty decent. Staff members were really lovely and polite. Definitely will recommend  Edit: I am now a regular and one day I asked extra garlic sauce. The plate was very generously covered with multiple layers of this deliciousity. And they gave me an additional container with this sauce. So generous, so grateful!
R31    Best pita kebab in town. Perfect white and chilli sauce plus possible to get without pickles. Would only love to get a cold beer on a side
R31    Ordered 2 kebab boxes. They were half price with offer. Tasted decent and was okay size. One thing that wasn't good that the restaurant was a bit dirty.
R31    😋
R31    Very good kebab, friendly staff. Can recommend
R31    It was wonderful awesome kebab and flafel wrap ! Yummy and delicious ! Quite filling
R31    Very good food and employees
R31    Very yummy kebab, in very good price. Must try everyone
R31    Finally, the proper kebab place in Tartu!
R31    cute and friendly personal, tasty food and great prices ✨
R31    Best food i had in my mouth since 2020 (Pita)
R31    Nice staff and delicious food with lots of choices 👍
R98    Impressive presentation. The burgers are massive and made with fresh ingredients. I had the crispy chicken burger which reminded me of General TSO chicken in flavor. It was good but not earth shattering. My partner had the pulled pork sandwich and really liked it. IMPORTANT the restaurant is located within the discount food court called Kampus.
R98    The place with a great interior design and delicious kitchen. By the way the waitress was the best waitress we have seen in Tartu. Very helpful, fast and polite. I would definitely recommend this place to eat well.
R98    The burgers are fine. The fries are quite good. The biggest issue is their extra sauces they put on the burgers and fries. I got a burger with onion jam and the glob of onion jam was ice cold. It was not pleasant. I ordered cheese fries last night and the cheese came on the side and was again cold. I used a fry to scoop the sauce onto the fries and it melted the cheese.  Basically, guys- heat up your freaking sauces and jams. Don’t be scared! It’s better that way!
R98    Delicious burger! Love the place and good. Also chicken wings were super delicious, perfect spiciness (don’t like spicy normally).
R98    I don't know anything about meat burgers, but Beyond Meat vegan burger was one of the worst I have ever had. Cutlet was not cooked enough, majo had a weird taste. Inside was only one slice of tomato and that's it. I would advise chef to try it and understand that it is basically tasteless. Although this issue has almost any non-vegan place in Estonia.
R98    Great price/quality place. For sure one of the best burgers in Tartu, a honoyrable mention. Situates in a new building in Tartu's Old town, this place is tied up with few other places. So it's convinient to for groups whonlike different food. However, this is a burger place, so about their burgers, tasty beef patty, rather big aswell, a pair of buns with exactly right grill stripes and level of crunch. Overall taste is great, howevee I prefer my burgers a bit more salty. Prices are real good considerimg location in old townish tourist trap setting. Would recommend it to any burger lover!
R98    I didn't know much about the City of Tartu and the most unexpected surprise came. A Green City with so many forests and lakes; fresh and young City with many cool places. Tartu City of the University, City of the  hospitality, City of Green and calm. Worth a visit the Upside Down house and the Estonian Museum. The City offerta  many cultural appointments but also sports competition. I was there the 2nd weekend of July and I experienced the Shell Helix Rally Estonia! Get ready for 12th weather Seasons in 1 day ;)
R98    The food is good but way overpriced. 11€ for a regular wrap . Plus they charge you an extra for takeaway!
R98    A great new, modern, airy space in Tartu where you can choose from several different restaurants inside. A favourite is the almost impossible to fathom deliciousness of the portobello and goat cheese wrap at Uulits.
R98    Burger was okay, one plus of this place that you have variety of them to choose from. Loaded fries were great.
R98    Just ok burger, not worth 10 EUR especially when it doesnt come with fries, mind due they cost over 5 EUR extra. Nice atmosphere though
R98    Half of the burger was ice cold  Edit: I was 50m away, sitting in Pühaste and ordered through Wolt. Picked up myself when burger was ready. Basic knowledge to not throw ice cold ingredients between burger.
R98    Best burgers in Tartu, they are also flexible and let you combine your own.
R98    Cool place, great staff and tasty food and drinks. Definitely recommend!
R98    Has a cool view to the middle of the old town, cozy. Tasty street food.
R98    Very good burger, a bit pricy for Tartu though
R98    Just wow! Amazing finger food, environment, and service. Totally recommend.
R98    Tasty burgers with well balanced and sometimes unusual ingredients
R98    Nice tasty food
R98    Little better burgers and finger food.. with cocktails
